In conclusion, While Bitcoin is indeed getting fundamentally stronger, the fundamental value is far lower than the speculative price, and the price is far higher than is necessary to sustain this entire list of floating fundamentals. Only when the richest motherfuckers on the planet have to move money to buy a yacht or when Boeing begins accepting Bitcoin to buy 787  will the price really be fundamentally supported at prices that are a lot higher than it is right now. Even 5 Billion people buying a coffee at their local java shop would only use every Bitcoin exactly once. Since that isn  likely to happen any time soon means that it is yet another false hope of fundamental support at this time. What we need is daily use cases (Gorceries, clothing and utilities). Not periodic big ticket purchases. More will come, eventually, but until they do, a $270 Bitcoin is 98% speculative whether you like it or not. Quit rushing into the next bubble because it'll only fall hard again next time because it isn  ready.Scarcity. Get real  With 2.1 quadrillion units, there are plenty, so it  not that scarce. That  2,100,000,000,000,000 or more Dollars than in existence. All the QE in the world wouldn  catch up to that.Decentralized. The public is stupid and lazy. They don  know how to handle money and many don  know how to secure their computer. A decentralized currency means that they have no recourse and no one to blame when their money poofs away. They don  like to be at fault. The general public doesn  like these traits.But I do have arguments against some of these static fundies.The bolded features above are what I think are the most important fundamentals listed from this last section. Before any of you chime in with  I can send money anywhere for nearly free  or  decentralized  or  no charge backs  or  scarcity  or  can  be counterfeited  etc   so my coins are worth $10,000,000/each right now"". lol. Those are static fundamentals (Static because they have a value but that value isn  fully realized yet and that value doesn  change once it is realized). Fundamentals that will be priced in organically as the majority realizes the fundamental flaws with the current systems in place. If you think they are worth $10M or even $10k each right now, then I'll happily send you every last coin in my cold wallet (currently about 1200) for $10,000 each. That  cheap right? so wudya say?With prices around $200k one can be had with BTC740. This would actually make a dent in the order book at one exchange or another, but would not be more than an outlying spike that would be ignored on other exchanges. Lets assume that every person who buys a lambo over the next year will use Bitcoin. With a little over 2000 units sold worldwide per year, that  167/month x 740BTC = 123,580 BTC required per month to facilitate these purchases. Now THAT is a big dent and some huge demand. That would be one way that the next bubble could start. But lets face it, that isn  going to happen so we'll use some more realistic figures. 2 Lamborghini  that I know of, have ever been bought using BTC. 2/6 (years of Bitcoins' existence) = .33 units per year and multiply that by 740BTC price and you get 244.2 BTC per year spent on Lambo . Not much; Lamborghini (there is currently only one dealer that accepts Bitcoin, so this assumes all of them do) Windows 8 can be bought with BTC0.4. The Xbox network could provide more demand than that, but it still has not. Why? CC are easier because everyone already has them?@MicrosoftTo buy the latest and greatest tesla has to offer, you'll need to shell out ~$105,000 or BTC388.88. However, demand for a tesla S still doesn  hold this price up above here since you can acquire these coins with a mere 0.7% slippage. Not a big bump for the market to handle.@Tesla motorsSay you want to build the state-o-the-art top end computing monster. $3-5000 should do it with all peripherals included. Currently ~15-20 BTC to purchase such a machine. Again, this barely registers on; the charts and is easily supported by sub-$100 prices where 30-50 BTC would be needed. @neweggYou can easily spend some loot there. Figure you buy a modest house full of furniture for $30 grand. That is still less than 100 BTC. Again, any price can support this since a million people aren  exactly crawling over each other to make a purchase at overstock using Bitcoin @Overstock.comFigure monthly access is around $130/month. So for BTC0.5 you can have TV and internet. This 0.5BTC is easily absorbed in either direction at any price. Any Bitcoin price easily supports this service.@dish networkThe floating fundamentals (Floating because these will change over time with external events and demand)All prices are at the extreme end of the spectrumAll prices use the current rate of $270/BTC and assumes someone would market buy the coins necessary to make a purchase.I see a lot of talk around here about the fundamentals of Bitcoin. There is definite positives in the fundamentals but how do they really stack up? Is this price tag of $270 really supported by the fundamentals? Let us seeIf you are going to use the satoshi as the unit of account, and you did, then the price you assign is per satoshi, not per Bitcoin. ;You are then trying to argue that all the QE in the world cannot make a satoshi worth $1. ;Well, if that did happen, a Bitcoin would be worth $100 million. ;So you are essentially setting up an argument against Bitcoin being currently worth $100 million per coin. ;I agree it  not currently worth that much. ;It  currently priced at about $268 per coin, not $100 million. ;It  currently worth much more than that, though.I think you know a little bit about bitcoin but your little knowledge is a dangerous one because it  incomplete and you're an idiot.No, YOU get real!Obviously used satoshi as that last measure, but only because if the eventual take over of fiat happens and it becomes a 1:1 ratio, then that means there will be more USD worth of BTC than USD in existence, ever. So how is that not a valid argument? Or let me get this straight  The problem isn  that the USD isn  scarce enough, it  just that the Gov can print more. Even if by  more  it still equates to 1/200th the basic units of Bitcoin?School me then bro. What is erroneous or incomplete?Dangerous like someone could die?; Your conclusion was that  the fundamental value is far lower than the speculative price"".; You assert that the true value of Bitcoin is less than the current market price of $270.; But the argument you provided did not support that conclusion.; You instead provided arguments in support of there not being enough dollars to value Bitcoin at $100 million per coin ($1 per satoshi), which is completely irrelevant to your conclusion.Unlike what we can see in fiat fundamental that applies to a country like for example employment rate, non farm payrolls, industrial output, retail sales, bitcoin has none of that literally although indirectly we can link that to the mining output and difficulty. So the fundamental when I say refer to bitcoin is basically the growth measured in terms of acceptance rate that applies to both individuals and businesses. How many new bitcoiners are joining the community each day, the transaction amount and such.The total value of Bitcoins in the world is $4billion more or less, so they don  need to be used by every person in the world for everything, in fact they can be used by very few people and still be undervalued. I have spent far more than $100 worth of Bitcoin this year, and I own several bitcoins.; I am just one of 7billion on earth.; The potential is there to be massive, that has to be taken into account when looking at the price too.Well 'TrollingU', you could at least compare Satoshis, the lowest denomination of Bitcoin with cents, the lowest denomination of USD..PS. I know that cafes where you can pay with Bitcoin exist already, but imagine how that can work on a big scale, with people around you who never heard of Bitcoin.I agree with the OP on the main thesis, i.e., unless we see a really broad adoption of Bitcoin (meaning, using 80-20 rule, if we will be able to pay for 80% of the goods/services we need in Bitcoin), the main driving force behind the price movement will be and stay the speculation. As for the examples used, you may have your own better ones, but I believe the Lambo one pretty much nails it: we are still only able to buy some trinkets, and even then, not many do so. Also, with the current value of Bitcoin inflated to $270 a piece, there are some practical concerns you may issue regarding this broad adoption: imagine paying for your shopping in a small cafe, bar or just buying a newspaper - not all people beyond this forum are getting on well with two digits after the comma, now you want them to deal with 8 digits. Go and ask about it at your local newspaper store, how well would they feel with that. ;There are 21 million coins that will ever exists, a lot of them are lost forever the supply is even smaller, there are about 2 million BTC users right now as far as I know, some owning a lot of them. You do the math. The price of 1 BTC is a lot higher than what it is right now. See you in 10 years, will bump this thread.It is not only about something being rare that makes it valuable. Rare things without liquidity cannot be worth much, simply because there are no many people who want to buy them, because the risk they will get stuck with their rare thingy forever is pretty high. That means that there is a lot to be done for Bitcoin between now and 10 years from here to provide the liquidity (mass adoption). Only then we can speak about sustainable higher price.
The supply is infinite as it requires only a soft fork to increase the number of digits. Now its 8 but it could as well be made 10 or 20 or 1000. This makes the whole concept flawed by design and; one of the big reasons why any value above a few cents is total bullsht.It  actually much worse than that.Until we have all the figures, it  quite difficult to actually work out the maths to determine whether right now bitcoin is over or undervalued. Even though coins are lost each day, somehow there are still new coins getting introduced to the market coming from the mining and whatever the net value here, demand has to overcome that or less price will continue to fall. Bitcoin is a totally new kind of asset, actually. Its uniqueness is what brings new use-cases we can  even think of right now. It really is a freaking open protocol that can be used to transfer and store money - and everyone can use it without even registering somewhere first!
Do you really think that btc will be thousand dollar again in 2015 ? Or on which crypto , you rely on ? or on which crypto, you have some dreams ? Right now the prices are being stabilized at $250-300 levels. If the demand increases two-fold (which is possible within 12-18 months)... then we will touch $1,000 for the first time (in 2013, it was mostly due to rigging by Mt Gox, so I am not considering it). Yes  it will touch $1,000 mark  but not in 2015. May be in 2016  or more possibly, in 2017. So it means btc price is determined by pumpers and dumpers, but not good news or other things.Who knows, even Microsoft accepted btc, it was only a little rebounce. And after that it went down to lowest 150 USD.; Maybe next year, may not forever. Think about reality. Right now the task is to get over the $300 mark.Don  think too far ahead, son.I would say not for a few years i don  think it is going to reach the $1000 anytime soon or at least not in this period. i believe it is going to go up but will stop rising before 1K and then falls down again. but it is possible to go past 1k after that.Move thread to speculation. How do you know? It is possible for 14-16 months. For 1 year, 4 months, 6 days, 9 hours and 10 minutes will be halving Bitcoin awards from 25 to 12.5 BTC (per block) and from 3600 to 1800 (day).We might see bitcoin touch $k soonerBut, who knows if a big companies accept bitcoinYou will able see bitcoin price at $k again Wait for next bitcoin halving in 2017I am confident we will see a new all time high. This year? possibly. Within 10 years? for sure ;The next big rally goes to at least $2,800 and maybe $4,750; $1,000 is just a minor target on the way to much higher levels.next tar get will be go to more higher levels like 2k, 3k an so on.agreed with you 1k is not a big target to reach i think in this year near Christmas we will see price will touch this level again,hell it could even happen this yeari'm more inclined to say yes, and in a few months, near the halving of before that, but not afterand why?It xb4s possible but not with the anemic volume we xb4ve seen for over a year. For it to attract any real money it must trade on exchanges that are trustworthy, insured and taken seriously.We have to admit the development velocity of Bitcoin is slower than what we expected. So a depressing prices right now is reasonable.It won  touch even 800$ in the short term, look at what we have, we can  even stay stable at 300$ now. We need big event to push price up, for example, financial crisis, substantial development. The growth in Bitcoiners during 2014 was around 2x. Assume the same for 2015 and 2016. I have given the reason in my post. Currently , you need $1m daily  support  for the miners that constantly dump they coins to pay for bills, that is no pocket money but it  not a huge amount either.. it can go up faster then it comes down in my view..Nope, I now have a negative view about Bitcoin price in nearly furture. The situation happend at the end of 2013, we are unable to make it happen again. Bitcoin have rarely developed in last few years, whether it touches $k again depends on the furture development. ; Yeah, a million dollars is certainly pocket lint in financial markets. But bitcoin has no volume to speak of. In average 24hrs it turns over in dollar terms like 1/100 of that of Facebook stock in a six and one half hour session. To name an example. The currency market then turns over five trillion dollars in a day.There are still people out there who don  realise that high prices aren  necessarily a good thing and think that dumping their coins for valueless paper is going to get them somewhere in life.I don  know why people get so giddy over high Bitcoin prices, I'm convinced that if it ever does reach those sorts of levels again, especially the $10,000 die hards are expecting it  going to be due to hyperinflation, in which case, I won  be selling my coins I'll be using them as currency.Bitcoin prices skyrocketing might not necessarily be a good thing, it can mean a bubble/relative price instability, or an extreme fiat hyperinflation happening. I would rather use bitcoins as a store of value, rather than an almost  HYIP  like investment. Yep. I completely agree with you.If it does not encounter any technical issues, then surely will reach the $k range within the next years That is exactly why I lost my faith in bitcoin. Price of bitcoin is dictated by early adopters, already rich people who just bought shitton of bitcoin for fun really or other whales. Simple bitcoin users have nothing to say about that and are swimming along. Great news about bitcoin are being ignored and people tend to panic over nothing and sell like crazy sometimes (see beginning of 2015). That is why bitcoin won  reach $1000 anytime soon.;The reason is there are still only a million people who adopt bitcoin at now, about 0.05% of the total people in the planet. The potential is huge.Sure, the price will touch $k again in the future and definitely will stable above $1K.if it goes up in a stable manner then we might even see a new ath.i guess it will at some point. but when it happens again i hope it will last longer than previous time.Miners have quite a monopoly on the price and, sooner or later they will understand that and will act accordingly.Why? Because mining is too expensive and at some point the miners will just hold until the price rises and stays stable at a number where mining is still profitable.It will. Myabe not in the next 2-3 years, but it will.I do think that in a few years, the price will get that high again.So in my opinion, it won  be getting to $1,000 anytime soon.As a result, it would be safe to assume that this trend will continue for a while longer.Currently, the price is floating in the $200 - $300 range and has been there for a few months now.I say that anything is possible, why stop at at $1,000?Bitcoin needs many more real users and better exchanges to attract a scarier class of whale. It  a possibility it'll be wrung dry if it can  get past this phase. Yup. Only a few hundred people are in the driving seat at the moment. I'll guess that the rest of the 'traders' don  have experience in other markets and will play into their hands every single time. There  every chance and possibility that it will happen, provided nothing bad happens to the network or any loss of reputation due to scams whatever, and at its current growth rate in terms of adoption and development of infrastructure, i would say we are on track. The question that remains to be answered is  when  it will happen. That  something everyone wants to know answer for.Unless there are professional traders from the level wallstreet who bring in billions, then I definitely can see Bitcoin reaching a few $K.No one can answer this. Whales are playing and forcing less experienced traders to sell or buy.If it does, it does. If it doesn , then it doesn .cheersAll we need now is for bitcoin to be as legal as it can be, let them regulate it, let them fight our fight, and when the halving comes, it will trigger a cascade reaction, possibly even above 1k usd.and same like everyone else, im pretty sure that will happen by next year  end. Ofcourse it wont, not this year anyways, but if we remain over 200-250$ for a period longer than ~6months, that would give us a nice backend for progress forward to >1000 again,nope, never ever! it  definitely only going to fall further and further unless reaching 30$ or; something. and thats when it becomes word wide, accepted everywhere and truly useful I can see some economic hiccups brewing in that scenario. So a currency accepted across the internet and the entire globe by billions of people, has a market cap of a few hundred million dollars? It  comming fore sure.$1000 per coin will be made this ore next year, that includes this time a whole new glorious media frenzy.Both quite possible, if speculation is the only driver. We may as well have third speculation bubble, or we may see price dropping to the double digit area. Why not?that is the main problem so far. Both Bitcoin bubbles were purely driven by speculation, and until there are strong fundamental developments, nothing sure can be said. it is only the matter of time, maximum within 2 years.If we see some serious fundamental developments, yes. If not, then we as well may not see $1000 per Bitcoin ever. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHUPPYzzZrIJust wait for the Vertical adoption phase. ; Here  a vid why the price is normal. And at the day the block halving really starts, the price is already there where it must be. From there price will go down or either react on other news.Sure it will rise because there is less supply, but the rise will start probably 6 months before the actual halving takes place.That  just nonsense. Only because there is 50% less supply people expect the price to rise 400% ? Doesn  make sense.If you read threads and posts from people, they think it will go to + $1K directly, etc.I think people expect too much from the block halving.Absolutely.The real worry is satoshi being not small enough; Then we surpassed the moon and are heading for mars! Of course it is non-sense, but that is how speculation works. The power of speculating and greed make any number seem plausible. Unfortunately.This coin will do well IMO.Mintcoin. MINT.first these kind of threads must disappear.yes, but it will be unexpected.It'll get there with natural growth, but dont expect this to happen overnight like before, it won .I'm sure it will hit $1k again, but not for quite a while yet. The 1.2kBTC was artifcially inflated by the crooks at Mtgox. 
If we can get past this constant stream of bad news and the second market or winkelvoss fund shows up then I see no reason we can  go back to $1kThe bitcoin dream looks to be over.I think the best plan is to go away for a while, at least 12 to 16 months. well there is no guarantee assurance of that 12-16 mos and i agree with you the bitcoin get rich is over..In 2 or 3 years, BTC will touch $1200 or higher as long as there is more adoption and more infrastructure building.
According to a joint statement provided to The Wall Street Journal, Noble x92s platform will use Nasdaq x92s X-stream trading system, a high-tech system for matching market participants x92 orders that is used by more than 30 exchanges and marketplaces worldwide. Nasdaq will also provide marketing support.Nasdaq OMX Group Inc. has agreed to provide New York-based startup Noble Markets with core technology to power a new marketplace aimed at allowing companies and institutional investors such as hedge funds to trade bitcoin and related digital-currency assets.QuoteNoble Markets venture aims to allow institutional investors to trade digital-currency assetshttp://www.wsj.com/articles/nasdaq-to-provide-trading-technology-for-bitcoin-marketplace-1427140006nasdaq & nyse producing lots of positive btc news lately. nobody would have believed that to happen just two years ago.just hoping the price follows Price will follow, when there will be something ready, or about to be released. For now it is just another positive news, yet without impact on the current price. But that is going exactly in the direction of the 'positive fundamental developments' Bitcoin needs.i think people want to see the effect of this before getting excited.at this stage traders don  react on good news anymore unless it  really good news.
People are afraid that they may be shorting Bitcoin down first or put a tight grip onto the price. But Bitcoin, which has a limited amount of tradable units, won  let that happen, I believe.people make rumours of any single news, even if there is very little substance. That is very typical for the purely speculative markets, and that is where we are now with Bitcoin.; 
Isn  this the news people have been waiting for for years?How is this not really good news though?No, Noble Markets has purchased trading software from Nasdaq. This has nothing to do with the Nasdaq exchange. PR release by a company with no track record and no customers. ;This was a purchased ad.Show of hands, Noble Markets traders?Purchased or not it  good exposure for sure. A market buy for the ad  cost would have a greater impact than flashing some words that won  be read by anyone other than bitcoiners reading reddit. Just let me say:; Thank you for your courage. the price should raising back to $380These guys see bitcoin as more than a shorting opportunity.Isn  this huge? I think it is!; excellent enough to drop the price anyway  i really think this is excellent news. Quote x93It is a vote of confidence in bitcoin the technology,\x94 Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at Convergex Group, said in an interview.  x93Now that you are seeing big organizations providing technology, there x92s a feeling that bitcoin is here to stay.\x94 http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-03-24/bitcoin-getting-serious-as-nasdaq-nyse-step-into-digital-crazeAs it happned so often lately. Good news around, price makes a drop. In the long run it just can go up!There  still money to be made shorting BTC - but that market won  last forever.; After that, there  plenty of money to be made going the other direction.
If there is some serious development coming, then the price will reflect that sooner or later. For now it is just another news, without much impact on the price. This news will be excellent if there is something behind it, and these are not just words. 
ttps://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1000803.0This topic has been moved to Politics & Society
need some positive media attention i doubt gemini.com is any good news, but i am desperate now  I need any good news, what the fuck is wikie twins doing? I thought gemini.com was suppose to open in 1st quarter.then bought some btc yesterday.after evo scam, I thought price dropped too much and waited for little support, I am long on btc now,Yep there was just a post about nasdaq considering looking into bitcoin and adding a trading platform. There is always more and more local businesses each day adding bitcoin, but other than, nothing very large in the news.cheersHere , read this, it may help set your heat at ease : http://www.coindesk.com/nasdaq-bitcoin-marketplace-noble/the only way ure gonna end up short handed is if you sell and the price sparkles out.The good part is that there are no more bad news, and those deep market coins drops were exaggerated anyways, so just stick tight to your investment and u wont loose,Yea, if I went back for the past 5 months I would just tell you to forget about the bitcoin price. Just a slow downward trend which is boring and unprofitable. I am trying to ignore the price and not thinking about how much I have to sell to break even and all that.guess nasdaq thing wasn  good enough to turn the trend onlike 4times a day.cryptocoinsnews; coindesk.comof course i do checkNasdaw was just announced so before we get some big upvotes on reddit, some big liked facebook posts, stuff like that, the word will take a while to get out. Coindesk.com I check every day, they are very professional news site and will not miss ANY big important thing related to bitcoin.Well, technology is slowly moving forward. Have you read about new inventions lately? Anyone who claims to know the direction for sure is lying. The runs at 300 and the defense of 250 were accomplished with the help of USD margin, no doubt backed with BTC collateral.The 1MB block size limit (and the incentive against growing it) You can see the network get backed up on heavy trading days. Clear evidence the network can  handle the number of transactions commensurate with a widely adopted protocol. Some remainder of the 200k  found  mtgox funds will be returned to account holders. The dispersal method is not yet known.Who knows how many btc walked away in the evo exit scam? to be sold at a later date.68k btc still need to be auctioned by US and AUS govts. Sapping buying pressure that would otherwise be on the exchanges.On the bad news front:Barry Silbert  BIT appears near to starting trading on the pink sheets market under the symbol GBTC. The bigger news from today was the former CEO of NYSE has taken an advisory (advocacy) position with Tera Exchange, which aims to offer a robust bitcoin futures and options market based in the US. The company is in the process of doing a sort of reverse merger/listing with MGT capital investments which trades on the NYSE symbol MGT.Noble Markets, a company which includes Brock Pierce, bought a product from Nasdaq. Namely, the X-stream trading engine. This is nothing like Nasdaq (the exchange) offering any kind of bitcoin product. Also, you already saw the action in regards to this news (nothing much). Guise.but i recently read that the eft will boost the price and it  comingbitcoin don  really need good news to rise, it only need adoption/less fear from avarage joe, and this require time to be regainedAnyway, you should not buy Bitcoin yesterday. The price of Bitcoin just hit 260 yesterday and you bought it? If I were you I would wait for it to drop before buying it. Anyway, I hope that there will be some good and big news coming soon.Hmm.. as far as I know.. There is no good news but there is lot of bad news in the media. Else, you'll just come crying everyday that bitcoin is not 10k$ yet and you planned to buy a planet with a few cents initial investment.Bitcoin is not a  get rich quick  scheme (unless you are very good trader). If you believe in bitcoin, buy and hold for a while.This may mean that it  going to rise, but slowly, and not necessarily starting  tomorrow"".The good news is that bitcoin is rather stable, dancing between ~230 and ~280 $.Nobody can really predict what is good news just like we cannot predict the price. Sometimes good/great news is announced but the price either doesn  move or sometimes even falls. I think people just need to learn to patiently wait. Bitcoin will very likely see growth over time but these things take time to materialize.i'm not sure how long it will take but i'm looking forward to it.winklevoss twins are working on getting their gemini exchange up and running.I really recommend to move to a bigger time frame. Right now, we are in the trend reversal process, meaning we are witnessing a lot of horizontal movement that may be not that profitable for daily trading. I don  see any signals that this situation should change in the next month or two. Expect more of sideways movement, thus, adjust your trading accordingly.; The turnaround the other day (due to NASDAQ) just wasn  strong enough - again  It  just trading on a rather short time scale. In the long run we're still on track, I believe.Definitely. In the long term (my time frame) we are doing just fine. Slowly and steady reversing the bear. For short-term trades you may exploit the sideways channel, but as far as I see it $30-40 of gain starting from $250 is not worth the risk here.Although I'm afraid that everyone feels the bear-market kicking back in now and short even more. The longs are too high already and I believe we may break down again for 3 months. It hurts.https://blockchain.info/chartsHere  a page full of good news:Regardless of all the fake good news you may be reading. I hope you don  get fooled into believing the price goes up. The most good news i have found is only about NASDAQ which can  give strong pressure to bitcoin priceIn fact, bitcoin price keep dropping to $250 recently Too bad, there aren  any good newsSad but true. There is always good news coming in with bitcoin as adoption is growing daily, but sadly this rarely seems to translate into a price rise for some reason. I have faith, though.If you turn your attention away towards making a short term gain, and instead change it towards long term goals, probably that would help. Else it will get you so desperate. As long as the fundamentals are set right, there shouldn  be anything to worry about. Yeah, price will dip but with continued growth in adoption rate, it should overall be positive. Very wise words. Instead of watching daily price ticks and getting excited or depressed by the daily price action, try to use these dips to your advantage if you are Bitcoin-positive long-term. Same applies for short play, start at the top of the current horizontal channel ($285-290) and play from there. Now, in both cases mind your stops and invest only what you can afford to lose. Stay strongI believe we are in a period right now, where big money is waiting to squeeze out as many of us as possible before they take control.; If price drops further and we give up, they'll be buying.By the time mainstream buys in, they will be dealing in bits and bitcoins will be worth tens of thousands of dollars maybe more.Ordinary people have no fucking clue what bitcoin is.; The mainstream usually gets screwed out of things like this.; It is adopted at the top, and then forced upon the masses after all of the gains have been made by the elite.Bitcoin  potential is recognized by those at the top but not at the bottom.; NYSE investing in Coinbase, the NASDAQ investment, JP MOrgan and Bitcoinchase.com, and all of the leaders in the tech world.; i see these declines in price as a good news, because these panic sells right now will just help me buy more bitcoin. and i buy because i am looking for a long term investment and believe that it is going to give me a good profit over time.So, holding your breath hoping that GBTC or COIN will pull the value of BTC upwards, that might not be the best route. What could do it? Adoption adoption adoption. Unless or until bigger retailers start taking it, the public at large doesn  have much reason to buy, aside from the idealistic side, but the idealists are probably already in the fold Which the case, generally - ETF  and mutual funds generally track the price of the underlying asset(s), they don  drive it.Good news is relative  I personally don  see GBTC or COIN being great news. Maybe they would have been a year and change ago when it was hard to get coins, but with coinbase and circle, it  much easier to obtain bitcoin exposure  Hence, I just don  think that either GBTC or COIN will be the catalyst for increasing price Agreed. If you're waiting on some good news merely to push the price up then you might be waiting a while. I'd relax and have some patience and see the long term potential from bitcoin. Rather than wait for news lets just wait for some actual adoption and use by a huge industry then the little price rises will look like small fry in comparison.But what would be the good in that if it just kept falling forever? Will it be good if the price just keeps on falling and falling so your coins just keep losing value? At some point it  got to stop.Patience is required I'm sure it will stop going down at some point but I have a feeling that will be quite some time awayThere is no guarantee of returns.; I would contain your optimism towards btc.; Even if it gains mass use, the price may not necessarily rise dramatically.; It could even settle in the double digits.; 
https://bitscan.com/articles/satoshis-millions-gone-for-goodEvidence suggests his ~1 million BTC were mined into throwaway addresses:Well if this is true, he truly anticipated everything. It keeps on blowing my mind that he thought of all these consequences and incredibly intelligent and yet simple ways to tackle certain problems!Article looks like bullshit based off nothing but speculation to me. There  nothing that offers proof or backs up their claims at all. Nobody knows what happened to satoshi, his coins, or even if he is one or more people.Personally I think he probably has control of them but is just hodlling; . Obviously he  likely bitcoin  biggest believer. Think of all the good he could do with all those coins.I think he should have made something obvious like an address that consists of a string or something. That way people could be pretty sure he doesn  have control about the coins anymore. If those coins move, I bet they move into a black-hole address.I think the most likely scenario is he  either dead or purposely lost access to them, but something tells me he wouldn  just waste the coins like this.I thought this wasn  satoshi but several of his accounts had been compromised and thus it was an imposter. Can anyone confirm or deny this? Quotebut the most intriguing detail of that whole sorry saga was that the real Satoshi did apparently come forwards and make a terse statement on his P2P Foundation account, which had been unused in 5 years:  x91I am not Dorian Nakamoto x92. Otherwise, Satoshi Nakamoto seems to have stepped back from bitcoin, handing it over to others entirely. Don  think he  dead, though. He just faded out his influence in order to make Bitcoin more democratic and decentralized Well, he could very well still have many coins we can  really trace back to him. Maybe he still pool-mined some coins back in the days! If those coins move, the price will suffer. Badly.Question is why would he not spend any of the coins at the first bubble if he could indeed get to them to spend, only someone filthy rich would leave them to never touch but i am talking filthy rich 100  of millions banked.What we do know is though that he was here he created Bitcoin mined a very very nice amount and then went totally of the public radar for what reasons we do not know, but we do know most if not all of his coins remained untouched in wallets that there are links to in some threads here. If this  news  will make it into another paper - in a way or another, then it will not be wasted time. for now it is Nice stories, bad stories, speculations, anything that can go to a newspaper is actually welcome, if the newspaper has wider audience than the already informed bitcoiners.Everything related to Satoshi is pure speculation.it  amazing if all this is true. but only satoshi himself knows that. we can only guess and speculate whether he still have them or not.It  not a watertight case but strongly plausible.Aside from the evidence of course. Did you even read it?I agree, it  only speculation - but this is the speculation board, after all  Well Satoshi still has access to master keys to send messages, I believe. Also he could sign a message from an address that  known to be his to prove his identity if he wanted to.That band on the graph can only be him. Did he really keep 20,000 keys, or just a few to larger accounts?I do kind of want to believe he threw away the keys, it would have been the best thing to do for the good of Bitcoin. (Shame he won  actually state he did that...) But I see nothing approaching proof.Maybe he wrote them out to a database or simple log file and has these files backed up.Maybe Satoshi generated them sequentially from some seeds. Then he only needs a unique seed per mining machine.This is the only  evidence  that I see.The article speculates that keeping 20,000 private keys is  unlikely"".That  possible, of course. But it  interesting they haven  moved since. It  speculation, but Occam  Razor suggests it  more likely than the alternative. Remember, the coins were literally worthless then, and bitcoin was still an experiment in its infancy.You know, if this Dorian nakamoto really IS the satoshi nakamoto, and wanted to remain anonymous, he could've just lied to get people to stop bothering him?So IIRC the whole article is incorrect. Can somebody confirm?Plus AFIK solo mining sends generated coins to different addresses on it  own, at least using any client I am aware of, which doesn  mean they don  all belong to the same private key. I even think that was the default behavior from the start.And it would have worked if it weren  for the sequential nonces that linked the different blocks together.There is also the possibility that satoshi nakamoto thought it  possible that generating the coins into different adresses each block can make it harder to track which ones are his.BingoI don  think the bitcoins that are in addresses people know to be from Satoshi can be used. If they are moved people may think he is selling or something and make the price crash lol.Or are you saying that it should be something pre-programmed to have an address that can  be accessed?Is there a way that he could have proved that the bitcoins were really lost? Even if the address he used to send them to was just some string, wouldn  someone eventually create that address and get the coins? xDYes: new address, new key each block. I don  follow your logic.I'm pretty sure I remember that this is even the default behavior from solo mining litecoins.Each wallet can have several receiving addresses. And I'm pretty sure you don  need a new private key for that.Really? How do you get 2 addresses from 1 key? And we're talking about 20000 addresses here, untouched since they were mined.But the technical detail doesn  even really matter here, everybody who used bitcoin-qt knows you can generate new addresses and receive transactions to them for the same wallet.So you just have a different public key with the same private key.QuoteA Bitcoin address is a 160-bit hash of the public portion of a public/private ECDSA keypair. Using public-key cryptography, you can  sign  data with your private key and anyone who knows your public key can verify that the signature is valid. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Technical_background_of_Bitcoin_addressesOnkel PaulThe other direction is possible (multiple private keys can have public keys that hash to the same bitcoin address) but so extremely unlikely that the probability can safely be ignored.A public key is computed from the private key. There can not be two different public keys for one private key.That  not how it works.Perhaps he has a wallet with 20000 addresses, or rather a series of wallets as he'd be running it on many computers.It doesn  work like that to my knowledge. Privkey -> pubkey -> address, 1:1:1. The wiki suggests this too, surely.So I think he was aware of the potential. I think it  entirely possible he didn  keep the keys, all the same. But whether he did or didn  I'm sure it wasn  anything other than a deliberate decision.Mining is supposed to provide value to the miner. This is key to the entire Bitcoin thing.he also specifically stated in early communications something to the effect  it might be wise to hold on to a few in case value increases"".when making complex software, my default is to log absolutely every minor detail to log files, for debugging. I can  imagine not logging the private keys.This is essentially my view I don  really know all that much about ECDSA and co, but if that  true bitcoin-qt generates new private key/public key pairs on it  own every block when mining.It  speculation. A discussion starter. With some interesting evidence from the blockchain for his habits. Take it as you will.Edit: there  some ambiguity in the article that I'll fix, I suspect this has caused the problem. Point stands: he had to have the keys to create the addresses, but I'm not convinced he still has every single one. Yes, this is my understanding. I think we are talking cross purposes.Maybe buying back later...? That  certainly a route to lesser riches but much increased anonymity when cashing in....That he was aware of the potential - but still decided he couldn  be bothered?Wow..; ;so Satoshi was intelligent enough to have invented Bitcoin, but was dumb enough to not save his private keys.""Did he keep the private keys to every single one of those 20,000? Unlikely. Why go to the trouble for something that was worthless?""The whole article hangs on a single assumption:Smart enough to know you only need so much money, and when it  wise to stop? Yes, absolutely. That seems entirely in character. Hence also stepping back when he did.As far as we know that would have happened automatically, which still would make that article sort of pointless.No, because what people deliberately choose not to do can be as informative as what they choose to do. But I won  labour the point any further if you're not interested.If Satoshi was clever enough to invent Bitcoin, I also believe with all my heart that his intelligence stretched to, like, writing stuff down too. Face. Palm. Not the point here.what?Whoever or whatever Satoshi is must know the price would crash if those very early coins move. He was probably mining later on when others had started mining. In that case he would have plenty of bitcoins that were untraceable to spend without the need to touch the earliest coins he mined. Why would he crash the price moving his earliest mined coins if it devalues his coins he mined later?I don  get that mentality. Why would the price crash because satoshi is using his bitcoins?He was the first miner and it  estimated he must have mined between half a million to one and a half million bitcoins. If he chose to dump them he could clear out all the buy orders on every exchange in an instant. Look at the damage the bear whale did by dumping a tiny fraction of the coins Satoshi mined.In fact, I wonder whether the idea is simply not that instead of a total amount of bitcoin of 21 million something, to have exactly 20 million.; If you subtract the early coins that don  seem to move, it seems to turn out to be about that.Block 20000: address 1Gtj5h1u8yZJe32neQZB5C7efP9XeMd9SW still contains the 50 BTC.Block 15000: address 1KzP9ideELyDMyjg4svrheub7Ttg6W2cdk still contains the 50 BTC.Block 10000: address 1JoiKZz2QRd47ARtcYgvgxC9jhnre9aphv, still contains the 50 BTC and no dust.and so on.Block 2 : address: 1HLoD9E4SDFFPDiYfNYnkBLQ85Y51J3Zb1 and contains 50.00038429 BTCIt has received much less dust and now contains 50.025 coins, never spend anythingBlock 1 (first block) after genesis block: address 12c6DSiU4Rq3P4ZxziKxzrL5LmMBrzjrJX It has received some dust (and now has 65 coins in it) but never spend anythingBlock 0 (genesis block): address 1A1zP1eP5QGefi2DMPTfTL5SLmv7DivfNaThere you will see Satoshi  addresses and their contents (indeed mostly 50 coins).It is very simple to look that up. ;Look at the first 20 000 blocks on blockchain.info.What is really at stake is whether he kept all 20000 keys. Ultimately there  no proof for that - unless and until the coins in one of those addresses moves. It hasn  happened yet, so all we can say there  an absence of proof he kept the keys. You can  ever prove he discarded them, only that he didn . But given that no one else was mining bitcoin, that bitcointalk didn  even exist, that the coins were worthless - albeit if he hoped they'd one day have some value - it  a valid theory.Thank you. This is a more detailed rundown of what the chart shows.Each address ('pay to pubkeyhash') has its own private key.; Mining or not that is a basic of how Bitcoin works.Nothing can be proven for certain but they at least limit themselves to the facts in the blockchain.; Reaching the conclusion he never intended to save the keys from the fact that the coins haven  been moved is pretty weak.; We do know that by even Oct 2009 Bitcoin had 'some' value.; ~1000 BTC per dollar so a million BTC would be $1,000 worth.; Sure not a fortune but I don  know anyone who would intentionally destroy $1,000 worth of BTC today.; Based on the 'extranonce leak' we also know it is very likely Satoshi mined at least through mid 2010 and decreased his hashrate as other miners took up the slack.; The exchange rate was rapidly rising before Satoshi stopped mining but the later coins show the same lack of movement.http://organofcorti.blogspot.com/2014/08/167-satoshis-hashrate.htmlThis is a far better analysis of the early mining.Why do you assume the first 20,000 blocks were all mined by Satoshi. ;There were other miners. ;Hal Finney even reported solving a block a few weeks after the genesis block and he wasn  the only one. ;Also Satoshi did let some information leak. ;He used a sequential extra nonce and didn  reset it between blocks. ;Using that people have made projections on how many of the blocks in the first year were mined by Satoshi. ;Nobody has reached a conclusion that Satoshi mined blocks 0 through 20,000 sequentially.By the way, Hal Finney also said he then left bitcoin aside for a while (he didn  like the effect CPU mining had on his computer!) and only came back to it some time later. In the early days there weren  many miners. Not every single one - but most. Estimates are he mined around 1m coins. And it  interesting that those blocks of 50 were never moved. Most other people presumably would have done, including Hal Finney - he says as much.It is interesting and I don  think 'satoshi  million' will ever be spent.; If he protected his Bitcoin identity from his real life as well as he protected his real identity from his Bitcoin life then if he died it is very likely nobody who knew him personally even knew he was 'satoshi'.; His coins would have died with him.; It goes beyond just the early 'satoshi' blocks however.; There are about 58,000 block rewards in the first era which have never been spent.; I am just saying none of this supports a claim that he intentionally mined to unknown keys to ensure the coins were destroyed.QuoteAnd it  interesting that those blocks of 50 were never moved. Correct from the extra nonce leak the estimates are around 1 million coins and that would be 20,000 blocks but it was 20,000 blocks over the course of about 18 months. ;Bitcoin wasn  worthless by even late 2010 but the later blocks and the earlier blocks show the same lack of movement. ; Nobody is disputing that Satoshi mined a lot of the early coins but the articles claim that he intentionally mined with throw away keys isn  supported by any facts.Sorry, that  a mistake of terminology. By 'throwaway' I don  mean in the technical sense. I mean that he didn  keep them! Like I say, it  not possible to prove that, only disprove.Correct from the extra nonce leak the estimates are around 1 million coins and that would be 20,000 blocks but it was 20,000 blocks over the course of about 18 months.; Bitcoin wasn  worthless by even late 2010 but the later blocks and the earlier blocks show the same lack of movement.; ;Nobody is disputing that Satoshi mined a lot of the early coins but the articles claim that he intentionally mined with throw away keys isn  supported by any facts.It  noble to think that he/they never intended those early coins to be used and they're in addresses that can never be accessed.; But humans are greedy by nature, and I would be surprised if those coins went untouched for all time.; Hopefully some day they can be put to use for the good of the network (maybe that was the intention all along)...But if he sells 10 bitcoins, it really shouldn  be any different than you selling 10 bitcoins or me selling 10 bitcoins. yeah, if he dumps ALL of his coins, that wouldn  be good. If there  anything the last year or more has taught us, it  that BTC holders relish a good panic sell. If only. Can you imagine if even 1 satoshi moves from his address? The entire bitcoin community would go into meltdown and panic mode. Part of me thinks its probably wise those coins never move but satoshi could do some good with them in the future and I'm sure he'd be wise about how he used or moved them. He wouldn  be stupid enough to just dump them.If satoshi was going to spend any coins he would of by now. I think people would panic if he did spend even ten because spending the rest could be quite disastrous.Disastrous? How so?; They were meant to be spent, spending them supports bitcoin.; Satoshi didn  design this all and mean for people to not use millions of bitcoins.If he spends his btc and a crash came, I'd be extremely happy because I can be an early adopter. Satoshi deserves to eat, buy a house, vacation, etc too. Why shouldn  he be able to spend his money?For better or worse, any Satoshi coins that moved would set people off. It would've been sensible to keep them moving and circulating if only to prevent them gaining mythical status. Keep an eye out for people squealing about bitcoin days destroyed. If a large amount of old coins move then lots of folks hop around in circles and jump up and down. Yes, but that  irrelevant. It would be catastrophic if someone dumped that amount of coins on an exchange. Look what happens when people dump relatively small amounts in comparison. The price falls drastically. Its basic supply and demand.i believe if satoshi wanted to spend his coins that was mined in early stages, he would have done it by now. someone like satoshi with that financial mind don  need these ways to earn money.You clearly did not read the posts you're quoting.You're overreacting again.;  Catastrophic"", really?; I think you underestimate the robustness of the system and how supply and demand work.; FUDNo I'm not. You two just don  know what you're talking about nor what effect dumping a shit tonne of coins on the exchanges has on the price. It  you who doesn  understand how simple supply and demand works because you wouldn  be saying this and it has absolutely nothing to do with the 'robustness' of the system. Bitcoin will continue working fine but the price you pay for them will be significantly less.How do you work that out? You're saying bitcoin were meant to be spent so it  ok and wouldn  be disastrous if all his coins were dumped but that is completely irrelevant to the point here so I don  think you are reading the posts you're quoting or if you are you're certainly not understanding them or articulating your point properly.I didn  say it wouldn  have an effect, I said using words like  catastrophic  and  disastrous  are an exaggeration and FUD.
You could hard-code some 0-address into the Bitcoin protocol that renders coins unspendable for example. That way people could be sure that coins were destroyed. A pretty drastic measure, though If bitcoin is not successful, he can  cash out that amount of coin without being caught, and that will crash the price to cents, it does not make a lot of sense either. In fact, if he really want to cash out those coins, he can do it slowly, to make sure the price keeps going up due to reward halving every 4 yearsIf bitcoin is very successful, he will be holding billions or even trillions of dollars, no need to cash out any significant amount, he will have a large reserve that can be used to stabilize bitcoin exchange rateEven if he stored all those wallets, that is 1/21 of the total bitcoin money supply, it is still much less than banks holding of fiat money: 4/5 of the whole USD supply stored at FED and the scale keeps increasing through each QE. So still much better than banks today Suppose each wallet holds 100 addresses, he need to create 200 wallets to hold those coins, and he must constantly check if those 100 addresses in a wallet is used up, difficult to maintain on multiple computers (I suppose that he set up a group of computers to simulate the P2P network), highly unlikely for a coin that worth nothing at that time. (I don  even remember where is the wallet of my first alt-coin which holds at least 400+ of those alt-coins, since they worth nothing during that year)This is not a concernWhile we're in the realm of wild speculation based on no evidence  I operate under the assumption that satoshi still controls the keys to each and every one of his bitcoins. There is no evidence to the contrary.; There is no point discussing this at this point until further proof can be acquired.In short:4. There is no evidence that Satoshi has transferred / not transferred his private keys to someone else.3. There is no evidence if Satoshi is dead or alive.2. There is no evidence that Satoshi has lost his private keys.1. There is no evidence that Satoshi holds his private keys.;Bitcoin Forum > Economy > Economics > Speculation >Satoshis initial coin creation still leaves the question open if bitcoin is a pyramid scheme or a ponzi scheme. If Satoshi  coins would eventually be sold, then this pyramid scheme would surely turn into a ponzi.Pointless article, based on the hopes and guesses of an obvious bagholder.What I don  like is how the original article claims to have found 'evidence' and then elaborates everything based on assumptions.I think it makes sense that we're discussing this in speculation forum.Haha..; true!And your reasoning and logic behind this is what exactly? You just sound ignorant when you call an opinion you disagree with 'fud'. How would dumping half a billion dollars worth of bitcoins on the market (or how ever many satoshi has) not have an effect? Do you think the price of bitcoin will still the same? No.There is information in the blockchain that proves a limited number of scenarios, one of which is not that Satoshi actively manages/managed his many coins, which we know are held in many, many addresses. We know that he must have around 20,000 private keys. Moving into assumptions and conjecture (and I'm pretty sure this is the right place for that) and educated guesswork, it seems to me possible but unlikely that he kept every one of them. Feel free to disagree, of course, but that  the most likely in my opinion.You're right that 'evidence' might be too strong a word, at least in a court of law  QuoteWhat I don  like is how the original article claims to have found 'evidence' and then elaborates everything based on assumptions.You're a known troll, so I won  take it personally. In fact I'm surprised, I thought I had you on ignore. And no, I don  hold any bags.Just like people here are being called trolls or fudsters, just because they don  find any value in your article that is based on vague assumptions, but tries hard to look like it  based on evidence.I think that currently a sober-minded person should be worried if he isn  considered to be a troll in this place. Right now, anyone who don  want to be in this echo chamber, where  if we think positive thoughts, then good things will happen!"" mentality rules over reason, then he will be considered a troll.And courtesy costs nothing.This is an area of interest for me (and many others), not something that will inform my trading, because I don . I've explained what  evidence and what  entirely reasonable guesswork. We work from fact to hypothesis all the time. It  a fairly standard process for most people. You assume the I'm a bagholder, with zero evidence. Assumption?I hesitate to reply at all, but So, this is my final advice. Next time, if you don  want for people to see your writing as the desperate cry of a bagholder, then don  bend the meaning of words this much, with the purpose to calm the minds of those, who might be worried about the fate of these coins.Yes, I assume that you're a bagholder. There  no evidence that you're a bagholder, so I'm not writing an article full of demagogy, that claims about evidence of you being a bagholder.For what it  worth, I put the article in the Spec subforum because I thought it would be of interest to a few people here. I maintain the conclusions are quite reasonable - and more likely than not - though I admit they do require a little imagination and empathy to reach. What I've learned from this unnecessary and unpleasant exchange is that it would have been better to put it in another section. No one but you has ever suggested that any of my writing is the desperate cry of a bagholder, so I'll take the advice with a pinch of salt. If you really think I believe Satoshi  stash hanging over the market like the sword of Damocles is the only factor keeping the price down, then there  not much I can say anyway. Let  say (the man) did muscle his way in due to the future popularity of our beloved bitcoin trying to take away from us, could Satoshi theoretically  cleanse  the whole system by using the dormant bitcoins in such a way as to set the price back to some years ago and render it useless for (the man) to keep his interest in it, leaving it once again to the people to re-build and for a new wave of early adopters? Would it be far fetched to assume that he kept hold of them as some form of insurance for the whole bitcoin network?The only way he can offload those coins is if there is an exchange with an 'Input private key' feature. If those coins relocate, Bitcoin is screwed.I think a principal reason for Satoshi not to use those coins, is that the danger to give free his identity is too high.; Apparently, Satoshi, whoever it/he/she/they are, doesn  want us to know.; Any spending of those coins would be tracked down and would increase the probability for his identity to be revealed (whether it is the NSA, the KGB, some or other banking group, a group of political activists, or a lone guy or girl).How much are 58000 keys ? ;Not even 2 MB of data ? ;Not so difficult to keep them I'd think.The point is that it would have been simple for Satoshi to make these coins provably un-spendable: send them to an OP_RETURN script, no ?It  trivial to keep track of 20,000 keys, any idiot could do it.I don  know that they ever will move, but I hope they do. ;I know they will be used for something positive, and their use will be done in such a way as to be a benefit to bitcoin, not its downfall.There are plenty of ways to introduce those coins into circulation without destroying bitcoin. ;People keep assuming that, if there were to be used, they would all be dumped at once and crash the market. ;Don  you think Satoshi is smart enough to know how to use the system he created without ruining it?I think that theory makes sense. Less the dumping, more the insurance against total domination of the currency. Even if he does have them, I'm not sure he'd agree with the centralisation that would represent. It would be anathema to everything he was trying to achieve.I think he might the master satoshi might no longer be with us as that is where all evidence aims A few posts above says if them coins start moving we are pretty screwed and have to agree with him that it would not be to great lolOh yeh the ease in which you can keep 20,000 keys safe is not even worth talking about we all should know how easy it is.Please re-read my statements. ;I never said it would  not have an effect"". ;I am merely trying to calm your language down.; If those coins move, it  not the end of the world.; Have faith in the system  creator that he would know how to use his coins without crashing the whole thing. you are correct, even if u dont have a private key to the wallet you can input a sequence of seed words that can restore the entire wallet..at least in electrum this is how its done.On a single wallet.dat a new BTC address was created for every 50 BTC mined block, thus the notion that the coins were mined to unique  throwaway addresses  is false.All of said 20,000 individual 50 BTC mined blocks would or could be to addresses on one single wallet.dat ;i.e. you wouldn  even need to know any of the private keys.It is less amount of data than 1 block in blockchain==20,000 private keys * 32 bytes = 640 000 bytes. ( 0.5 MB )In Bitcoin, a private key is a 256-bit number. ;It is 32 bytes.I don  think this article adequately explains why these coins would actually never hit the market. It basically ends with a  well, they haven  moved yet so why would they now?
Ummm if this doesn  make you bullish what will?QuoteOn March 23, 2015 JP Morgan Chase registered the domains JPMCoin.com, JPMorganCoin.com and BitcoinChase.com.http://www.domaincrunch.com/is-jp-morgan-chase-getting-ready-to-launch-its-bitcoin-killer/JPMCoin, soon on coinmarketcap.org da fuck - where is the link to the IPO ;But it doesn  matter, JPMC sucks and if they try to compete with bitcoin, they will fail.Registrant Fax: +1.4155319336Registrant Phone Ext: Registrant Phone: +1.4155319335Registrant Country: USRegistrant Postal Code: 94105Registrant State/Province: CARegistrant City: San FranciscoRegistrant Street: 425 Market St, 5th FloorRegistrant Organization: DNStination Inc.Registrant Name: Matt SerlinThere  no way of knowing who or what company actually registered these domains.So yea, only we bitcoin enthusiasts get hyped. No one else does.If yes: uptrend. If no: continued downtrend.Will society care and demand bitcoin?So I don  really think that a major competitor would be a good thing for Bitcoin, it could work out well as people won  want some sh!tcoin from JPmorgan, but it is worrying that people would rather start their own currency than really get involved in the Bitcoin world.I actually tend to think that only one cryptocurrency will really thrive, and all the others will be used by a few people and have little and volatile value.Probably they are just protecting their brand from getting exploited similar like what some of those big corporations do to acquire something like companynamesucks.com. Anyway check using whois domaintools turned up nothing as it protected by privacy settings. It could even turn out be be some geeks looking to launch their new altcoins. Well companies have always registered domains with their names in it. It  just their way of protecting their brand and prepare for potential ventures, no matter how unlikely they may seem at the moment. It  not as if it is super expensive.this is not even a full-bodied rumour, let alone a news that could cause some impact on price. Not worth much attention, imo.I'm not sure if the initial post was seriously considering this to be 'big news'. I mean, yeah, this is good and all, but nothing for the market to rally for, really I'm surprised that most of your responses are  meh"". I thought this was pretty big  Maybe the source is not credible? And based on the names they registered (if it  true) it doesn  look like they are making an alt coin. If they were trying to make a bitcoin killer they wouldn  register a name with the word  bitcoin  in it. Oh well, we'll see what happens I guess.; At least post a credible legit news source, not filler bs.; If it  not from Coindesk, Cointelegraph, CryptocurrencyNews, NewsBTC, Wsj, TechCrunch, CNBC, Forbes, IBTimes, etc then it  probably bullcrap.The first link posted is actually negative or Anti-Bitcoin and by some garbage bootleg fake news website.Where is the actual news link?; I can  find anything.Wow, nice indeed! I mean, yeah  it  just usual business practice, sure, but the fact that they're registering this thing shows that they're talking about BTC on the upper floors. Pretty good!We should welcome the  competition.""It will be entertaining to see traditional banks try to compete with Bitcoin.Exactly what I was thinking. Without any proof linking these directly to them this could be anybody registering them and I'm inclined to believe it was someone else rather than the actual bank.Interesting, didn  realize that  Now that I look at it again, I agree looks like BS. 
Selloff is to pay the tax man, nothing more. ;Happened last year this time too.; Good buying opp. ;We'll be back up in May.LMAO at everyone panicking.Which country are you talking about? When do the US and Chinese tax men want paying? I guess those two countries would affect the market the most.hahahahahahahahahTaxes.Cheers!; Two first posts are of shit quality and posted in Speculation?; Thanks for the heads up to ignore your worthless drivel. No problem, I'll create another one; Time to wake up and sell before you lose everything.It took 3 weeks to get from this level to the peak, just 2 dumps with regular day volume to bring it all the way down again.It just shows how strong, or rather weak, the support at this price level really is.Nonsense.Yea, cause nobody knew that was coming Theoretically, taxes have to be paid in the USA by April 15th but people usually start filing in February if they want to get their returns back earlier.Interesting theory, well you are right that we've seen a pretty steep drop exactly one year ago. Same time next year we should all go and prepare for the last week of March, I guess Yep.; And if you sell certain assets (like stocks) to pay taxes, it can take 3-4 business days to close, and another 3-4 business days for a bank transfer.makes much more sense to me than any recent news (either positive or negative) that were linked to be behind the price moves.Torque  right, the current dip is due to US tax payers selling their bitcoins to pay the IRS. This sell-off may continue until April 15th. We apologize for creating a panic selling pressure, this is just temporary, please HODL if you can.What about Chinese tax payers? China has a massive effect on the market too. China and the US have to be the two biggest players because the USD and CNY markets have the biggest volumes on the echanges.this shows that a large number of investors in bitcoin are just newbies that saw a big price (number) one day and read some happy to the moon posts/news and hopped on the train with the hope of getting rich quick. but these people jump of the train everytime it enters a tunnel.You cannot pin poin a price drop to a single particular thing like  oh its just people cashing out to pay taxes"". Too many variables to tell.;How is a tax sell off the simple explanation. Bitcoin being worthless crap is the simplest explanation.-All free? Free my ass. What are you, a fuckin' commie? Huh?-They don  pay taxes in China, it  all free.It  the psychology of a bull market. It'll happen again and again.exactly. rinse and repeat.
You could even look at that article about the whale trading club or some bullshit from a few weeks ago.; These douchebags have no problem openly admitting that they make more money when btc goes down, that they collaborate about doing it, and the worst part is people sit there praising them going  they bring liquidity derp.""; I am also 100 percent convinced any of the pro bitcoin big players are either in on this shit, or don  give a fuck, as they have done nothing to stop it.Wrong.; Bitcoin has little chance to rebound to all time highs.; There has been way to much shorting, panic selling, dumping whatever at the slightest increases, and it seems apparent that few people are willing to gamble that btc will see absurd increases.; Manipulators fucked up, got greedy, and instead of re instilling confidence in the market by holding, they profit take every chance they get.*I still have to pay taxes on beer, gas, food etc via sales tax/VAT/GST in whatever place I happen to be at the time.My origin country, domicile, business incorporation, play ground are all different (aiming for the 5 flags/PT setup, but not quite there yet), but still, I'm not sure who would claim rights over me for taxes*.; I'm for sure not the only one who does this.; There must be millions of people doing something similar.; All legal and above board.I'm told US citizens are taxable anywhere in the world, but I get the impression that is the exception rather than the rule, and only 5% of the world population, and even then a US citizen can disengage if they choose.Which nation has jurisdiction to enforce taxes on BTC?; It  the only FIAT without a country.
eople in here (a lot of hero and legendary members btw) told me for the last 15 months that i just need to buy and the price will go up but it always turned out to crash even more. I really think that BTC and all the bull scammers should be banned for scamming everyone. I just wrote another complaint to the PBOC btw...; Any user can view your past posts and see your negative attitude against bitcoin so nobody will belive that you bought even single bitcoin Get out with your spammy and troll posts fonzie pls.I can  believe you believed them. LOL!Stop trolling or i will ban you. Last warning!!Well this is free speak forum i guess.  are you kidding me? You are the one that should get banned for trolling. Keep your warning to yourself and imho i don  know how you didn  get banned yet for imposting an moderator.(look at me, I am a hero member)it  been a rough year till now, but Nasdaq is coming and the tide is changing. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?board=83.0This belongs in the scam accusations section; This is where i originally posted it, but it seems that corrupt bitcoin bull scam moderators are trying to disguise the truth by movin it to the speculation forum, altough my first post contained nothing else than an obvious scam accusation.Sometimes you have to pay a lot (seems your case) to learn these simple rules.Second rule is to trust only your own opinion, when playing with your own money.Invest always what you can afford to lose. That is the investment  101.Good to know, thanks for the inside infos, so i guess i should better buy all the coins(while they are still cheap) before they do it ! ME = smart money!Of course they aren , I'm just trying to follow your logic.You bought bitcoins because you thought price would go up, right? So you were a bull? And are you saying all bulls are scammers?do your own research and buy when you think the price is right.never take any advice for granted. even not when the advice comes from a legendary member.Bull scammers are more likely (hidden) sellers, they are mostly early adopters or criminals with stolen coins who are trying to unload their thousands of coins without crashing the market and so they try to encourage newbies like me to put in more bids so that they can dump on us with less slippage. ;Besides I do think BTC price will increase significantly in a few months. (Don  take that as an enforcing advice).Unless you were forced to buy you can  blame anybody except yourself.You need to learn to make your own decisions. I bought my first BTC at almost $1k :/ but I've learned since there.Don  feed this troll, i even got pm from his newly created account  speculation moderator  that i'll be baned from weekend.Rofl i can  belive this, how can some one could belive these words?
You actually follow the advise from users on the speculation subforum of bitcointalk?You have obviously been very selective with the post you decide to read, i have seen just as many posts from members saying that BTC will die and to cash out ASAP before you loose everything, no one can say 100% what the market will do, thats why they call it speculation.I really do believe now that there are big entities trying to push the price even lower while accumulating as many BTC as humanly possible! They know about the future potential of BTC!OP is saving those bearish posts to blame them when (if) bitcoin moons after he  sold everything.That is why people have brains to do their own actions and judgements. I cant believe that you seriously believe unknown strangers in the internet..So dumping 20k btc on the open market is a good way to accumulate? What sorcery is this? And why is buying volume non-existent at these  lower levels""?I have doing a bit of research on this Whale Club and those guy are making a pretty penny shorting BTC, they wont let the price get too high just yet, they have enough market pull to send the price up close to $300 then short the market and make a killing watching the price go down about $50, there is a trend here and money to be made if you know how to read the market.Yes i think you could be right there.OP should file a Ruble scam claim to Putin 
itcoin gave me anal-herpes If their advice really works&#65292;they will only keep it to themselve
I'm not saying that because of that BTC is going to $0, just saying that breaking that long term trend line right now was a even more bearish turn of events.PS: Sure, in 2011 price broke a log support trend line too (at $4 and then crashed to $2), but I argue that for a lot of reasons you can  really compare these two different scenarios. Price, marketcap, and overall landscape were totally different.One thing is sure, the BTC markets have been unhealthy for quite a while, and they are not getting better at all for now.There  not more to add, current market conditions paint a pretty scary picture.And finally, the bid sum on all exchanges (one of the most important aspects in considering a possible sustainable uptrend) is still relentlessly decreasing and is now sitting at scary low levels (bitstamp at $2.6M, Huobi at $1.2M etc)Secondly, on a more short term time frame, price has broken below the support trend line since the $150 bottom, and now became pretty strong resistance:First of all, the 1w chart still looks like this (the most important multi-year long term support trend line left that was broken with a spectacular crash):Let  just consider the BTC market technicals for one second.Also I didn  add the fact that recent pumps have been supported by a lot of borrowed money in longs ($24M+ now on bitfinex) rather than by fresh new fiat on exchanges. These longs will just add to the sell pressure if it goes further down.I don  day trade anyway, so as long as the line continues upwards in the long run I will be happy.; What would be your prediction for a low price if your technical analysis is right? Looks like about 1200yuan, so $193 or so?I have to say though breaking through the support levels isn  great news, but it could just as well mean that it is oversold and due to rise..I don  really put a lot of faith into technical analysis, I always think it is used after something has happened to explain why it happened in retrospect.You should definitely share your thoughts there.@OP: Here in this topic we discuss why applying TA to Bitcoin does not always work
Yes thanks I posted there; By looking at the bid sum I doubt the recent $150 bottom will hold, so my guess would be high double digits like $75-$85, something like that.so you think the price should back to $350, recently right now the price is low, because there are only whales playing with the market, no new money influx it could just be the calm before the storm, the problem is that everyone still compare current situation to the 1200 peak, that peak was just pure manipulation(willy bot ecc...) and a bit of luckLooking at last time the price broke down through the resistance levels, it fell to an equivilent of about $190.; If we reach that level (i don  think we will) I will be buying in strongly.So completely off all of your charts?; That doesn  really seem like technical analysis, rather opinion the funny part of it: just watch how quickly market sentiment turns right back around. it  fucking nuts. perhaps measured in hours.The power (and weakness) of TA is that it is a self-fulfilling prophecy: whenever enough traders see the same lines, they will trade on them, and thus everything with happen as forecast. Up to a black swan event.TA does not always work in general.The market is so weak it didn  even bulltrap to $340-$360, it just stopped at $300, lolRyNinDaCleM recently posted a chart that shows this:It  not off the charts. If the next crash has a similar magnitude than the other ones it means it will end up at high double digits like $75-$85.I have to say, I didn  realise that you were predicting the price for November, do you not think maybe that fundamentals might come into play over such a long time period? Or do you think that the market only works on a technical level, regardless of what happens with regulations, companies accepting bitcoins, ETFs etc? Your trend lines hardly ever touch the curve!; That is also a completely different graph to the one you showed in the first post, where it showed that last time the resistance was broken, there was a flash crash to 933 yuan, before a recovery back to the resistance levels. Using this new graph you seem to be saying that the price will rise to about $400.TA is just a (semi-worthless) tool. The Bitcoin economy will eventually drive the market to amazing new highs.I think it  difficult to draw those very long term trend-lines. If you've off by a few USD, you may miss the price by 50 USD when extrapolating the price into the future. I think leveraged trading has changed Bitcoin with this bubble cycle.In the end market was so weak that it never recahed $330 or $360.Few weeks back I admitted that price could reach $330 using a similar trend line but said that overall was still bearish (like the RyNinDaCleM chart): https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=274613.msg10631905#msg10631905Yes following that chart price was supposed to touch $360. Yes is a different chart but it was just to show that ranges in high double digits are not  off the charts"".""Curve""? What do you mean?Are you really using Bitstamp bid sum in your arguments here?; The market has moved on.; It  time to update your data.It  just an example dude, go to coinsight.org and check for yourself if the situation at any exchange is any different.TA is what it is. Rpietila was dropping TA lines drawing 1 million dollars by now. The thing is we DONT KNOW. What WE KNOW is Bitcoin is amazing and unmatched, and that we are still a extremely underground community.Only then, it would have a solid foundation or something similar as a financial event. Anyways, yeah the reality of the markets are being rough overall though. I just hope those winkelvoss twins can pull something through like ETF or some shit so normal investors can buy a ton to boost it up lol. Maybe some good PR will do the trick, and have faith in the coin. lol. Hurry, someone post twitch recently adopting a tipping service used with bitcoin. post it on reddit! I need some $40 manipulation to sell off my coin.; The btc needs a progress report on all the years event, to get back to $300 or something.Yeah but that  not really how TA should be used, that  more whishful thinking; Ponzietila; I am rather surprised that after all the new merchant adoption and the increased popularity of bitcoin, the price has been falling. No one compares the price to the 1200 mark, everyone mostly compares to the 2014 stable price of 600 , and the drop which has happened since then. It is surprising but it goes to show you just how much money 4 billion dollars actually is. I personally would think there should be no problem in BTC sustaining a multi billion dollar market cap, but that is clearly not the case. A billion is a thousand million and there just simply aren  that many people on this planet willing to gamble or use this cutting edge notion of a currency. This price action now? This is Candyland in comparison.Anyone scared about the current market conditions should go back and read some threads from before the late 2013 run. ;Read some threads after the $266 previous ATH and subsequent Gox and price crash - and even that wasn  close to 2012.2013 saw under $100m of VC investments, and then in 2014 that tripled to up over $300m. ;Now in just a quarter of 2015 we've seen another $200m coming in. ;It  not money that instantly translates to stronger ecosystem, but it definitely will in the future. ;It  also money from people and groups who then have a vested interest in BTC  economy. ;Their investments would perform better with a bigger market cap.I wouldn  even call 2014  $600 as stable - we went from $100 at the end of 2013 up to $1100 in the course of a few weeks driven almost entirely on speculation. ;The ecosystem wasn  close to ready to support that sort of value and every bit of 2014  price action was the correction back down from that ATH. ;At the time it appeared to be stable, but hindsight seems to paint a clearer picture.Bid sum was clearly increasing (and was a lot higher) in 2013 at the end of the bear market and during the bubbles (I posted the mtgox bid sum all throughout 2013 in another thread). My first post shows that right now the opposite is happening. At least for now.But now price and marketcap are exponentially higher which means that exponentially more fresh fiat coming in everyday is needed to support current prices or to spark rallies like in the past.;  Bid sum is the best indicator of incoming greater fools.
As for the market cap, in October 2013 it was $2.5B.; Today it  ~$3.5B.; Again, this reflective of linear growth - not exponential.; We're looking at a total market cap that is ~17x just the amount of money that  been dumped into BTC VC in the first quarter of this year alone.; That  one major reason why this isn  as remotely as scary as 2013 was, even when it would have taken less fiat to drive the price higher. Er   exponential""?; Saying that we need  exponentially  more fresh fiat to support the current price or spark rallies is 100% false - at least since 2012 when the last reward halving occurred.; Since that point there  been 3600 new BTC mined every day.; That means that the new money needed daily that had to come in during both the 30->260 and 100->1100 bubbles was the same.etc.3600 BTC when price is at $1000 ---> $3.6M USD3600 BTC when price is at $10 ; ---> $36'000 USDNo.Patience my fellow bitcoiners. Even I don  like this but we still have a yearly inflation rate of 9.4% once we hit 14m coins next week. Only the mid-2016 halving will bring this downward pressure to an end. The inflation schedule is under appreciated by the public but the distribution mechanism is in full effect as volatility disperses coins. Even the protocol is in a fight at the moment as we have yet to remove the 1MB cap. The fight continues in bitcoin land.Whatever happens, there  always good and bad. I believe bitcoin will never catapult upwards as long as it haven  really found the bottom level. And if it needs to then let it be. I'm preparing to buy at every single dip and I mean getting at a bargain price. Similarly if it just continue to rise and rise, then there shouldn  be any problem here. I think the beginning of next week might be interesting. I can see a dump to lower 200  / high 100  happening.
Current market conditions are scary = time to buyMe on the other hand. I'm terrified, but still buying like a fully committed bag holder!WFN find everything scary. Even when he was bullish he never really believed it 
If we can get some real, good news that can kick start new buyers we can get out of this spiral and start building again.; The news has been good, but the miners are using it up to sell asap.I think the downward spiral we are in is really hard to break out of cause the miners need to sell sell sell just to keep the damn lights on.; To me it doesn  get any more bullish than the NYSE and the NASDAQ getting into bitcoin . What is the fucking deal!?!?!Like it or not, it was Evo going down for the first drop, and Agora taking a 24-48 hr  security maintenance  period behind this last drop. Unfortunately, that has broken most of the major support levels. A condition which usually hints at further panic selling, after not seeing significant rebound.The news of the former CEO of NYSE serving as an advisor to Tera Exchange is better, but still really zero net impact to current markets.For starters, Nasdaq didn   get into  bitcoin, they sold very expensive software to Noble Markets. A company with no history or even customers at the moment, and it involves Brock Pierce.Until then we'll probably be thrashing around in the shit. I'll guess that the old guard is starting to get a little battle weary by now. The heavyweight financial stuff is all still in the pipeline. It'll need to be tested and proven and then there might be some fundamental action. 4. Learn trading, do it 24/7 and hope you win more than lose. Your in shark territory and it  only going to get more brutal with big traders entering. ; ; 3. Buy to spend on things and enjoy it.2. Buy in as a long term investment. ;Doesn  really matter the buy in price. 200  aren  that bad of a buy in.1. Get in at a price and hold until it goes above your price no matter the time frame. ; Then sell. Not really practical since you won  guess the top to maximize profit. ;You have a few options here.It  not miners, just speculators. ;This is what they do.. cause people to panic sell and buy cheap. ;Raise price and sell to the people that panic at a higher price. ;This is all they do.. their only goal is to separate you from your money. ;Just how many early adopters really don  have anything to show for it. ;Traders came in and gave them a pertinence for their coins. ;Then boosted price and sold them over and over again. http://www.coindesk.com/inside-whale-club-the-trading-room-that-loves-bitcoin-price-declines/Read this article for proof:Neither miners nor speculators are behind the current crash, it  the whales. Think about it, the whales pour their cheap coins and flood the market, causing massive pressure on the sell prices. When the prices have hit their lows, they start buying them and stabilize the price. See, the thing is, these whales had bought the coins when they were dirt cheap, so selling them at $240 is still a massive profit to them. These whales can play this dump and profit cycle for a long time, even if the price falls as low as $0.01 a coin, because that  the price they had bought the coins for.""good  fundamentals really doesn  mean anything when a security has been so overbought for so long, especially when everyone that bought it bought it for speculative purposes only.; Nobody buys btc so they can spend it at Dell computers or something.miners? are you a miner? why did we sell bitcoins as soon as possible? I expect the day that bitcoin to the moon
hose investors will want to get BTC at this price or lower before pumping it.I believe their investment was moreso into the btc infrastructure (coinbase).; This way they make money regardless of price.; This is why I dont think their investments are a bullish sign (not yet
It might come back to 260 sometime later this week. Again.. just a personal thought. I'm not a predictor..Will we continue to fall? Or there will be a sudden rise? I personally dont think Bitcoin will drop back to 100 again. Just my personal thought, nothing else.We was at 260 yesterday and suddenly around six PM (GMT+8) the price drop to 250 range. Just a while back, it was 240 and not it is 230.If it falls under 215 then it getz scary. Now, it  in the limits yet.Lately BTC price seems to fluctuate between 230 and 280 /approx.I'd say there is a better chance that it falls below 200.; Most trendlines have been broken.i see nice profit for whom sold at 260, i should've shorted also, i didn  know it could crash in this wayWhat you said is a nice representation of the crowd psychology we have here. You regret not shorting and probably hold the coins thinking if you should join the dump. It  people like you who are now selling in this second wave. Going back to a price from a month ago is not a crash. If we go below the January low then yes it will look bad, but people will look for profit much earlier. Those who are selling now are shorting just like you said and not getting out of Bitcoin. This means they will look for an opportunity to buy back. it  a nice opportunity to buy some extra coins at current price.i think the bottom is at $200 and won  go below that. smart traders can make a decent profit these days.I sold some at 266$ and 282$, but honestly I didn  know this crash became big, I thought it was a 10 or 20 dollars correction, anyways I'm confused about what we're going now.I bought about a dozen at 260. pretty sad right now.Dont worry, Bitcoin is getting more and more popular everyday. This mean that Bitcoin wont staty at 230 for long. It will reach 300 pretty soon.$300 is all i ask;  fingers crossedNah.. $1000 before 2016 is what I ask.. I know what it feels. Just wait for sometime maybe it will go back to 260 again..You have a good chance to sell on profit soon, if the trend of past 2 months is kept.Just imagine how they feel the ones that bought at 6-700$...I try not to concern myself too much with the price as it always dissapoints me but I don  get how it can fall so much in a short period of time. It never makes sense. I was happy for it to go back up to around 200GBP a week ago but now it is at 160.That latest price drop was caused by hacking of that small china altcoin exchange market. Hackers did not steal much ( something like 15 BTC total) but I fear that human mentality and domino effect caused this drop. There is nothing to worry about as soon bitcoin will resume its way to $300 threshold.i doubt 15 btc can drop the price by $50, must be something else, some whales got nervous and dumped something on multiple exchange, right now it  whales war i believeWell if only I knew the answer to that question. I expected the price to cross 300 level but it just fell unexpectedly and now looks like it is still on the downtrend. But one thing I always told myself is to buy when opportunity comes at the right price and continue to hold on to it long term. I expect things will change in years to come but definitely not now. I'm thinking they stole more than 15 BTC We need real people, tons of them getting in Bitcoin, it  the only way to stop the whales playing around with their big stacks of BTC manipulating the price. The more volume the harder for them it will be.Here more information about that phrase : https://critiqueofcrisistheory.wordpress.com/money-as-a-means-of-payment/It is normal, if the whales don  buy the price will go down .... we name it pump & dump (P&D). Don  worry when all the speculation will end the price will be more stationary and we can  start use bitcoin as  currency  : Money as a Means of Payment.If you want a huge significant change, you need everyone to drop what they are currently using now and say its way better because  blah blah  and you save 30% in fees or something to worth mention about. And still there is no price volume increase or anything. As for the btc whales manipulating the price, yeah at a certain extent but the price can be done by its operator alone. Yeah, but how do you execute that? I mean you notice recent huge events like Twitch allowing bitcoin being used as a tipping service.If this is the liquidity needed for one to start an exchange I could run a thing like that from my phone. ;If these are the only addresses that were used by the hacker it means Cryptoine had only 5BTC in their hot wallet. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1001408.0Not according to this thread.Oh sorry, I misread and thought we were talking about the Evo coins.; Agreed, this one seems much more minor.
..So the downtrend was caused by a exchange market. I just know this news yerterda
ocket refuelling.. /calm before the storm you can do as your wishes just when the price is over $180.;
If yes, when?someone pull this thread back up in 2020 for a good laugh.no one know when, we presume with the next block halving, but it could be early or after that, or never many newbies will not ever buy at current price, let alone at higher priceBut i hope soI don  think so!Sometimes if something is given freely it has no value, but when the price goes up they take it more seriously.When I first happened upon Bitcoin I was immediately hooked, and tried to sell the idea to anyone who would listen.; I didn  have much success so I shut up about it.; When the GOX climb began they got interested and wanted in at any price.; Two of them came to see me clutching FIAT in their hands, all but begging me to get in on the deal (this was near ATH). I don  get if you are implying price will be 1,000,000 or 0Neither. It'll probably be something like $56,342.54I don  think.I think it will. If it does I can buy a house finallyBut I think it  right time to buy, I think..I don  think it  gonna happen in this and next year.. The chart is scary right now, maybe because of ponzi trends?I think that it will go up higher than that eventually if it catches on. If it catches on after the block halving the price will be higher because miners will need to raise the price to stay profitable. I think that in the future the bitcoin price is going to be highly related to the cost of electricity that will be required to mine them because it is the only thing that can be quantified that is related to mining them.I guess we will. I mean you've seen how the bears love to trade the bear market now. If this thing turns into a bull market the smart bears will turn to bulls and push the price up, just like they're pushing it down these days. I guess it'll still be this year!This right here.; Although I'm thinking this long of a bear market won  be easy to shake off into a crazy rally quickly.; We might see it this year but I'm looking more towards 2016.; Will be happy to be wrong and see it earlier though!No of course, or at least not 'now' maybe after the next halving (but I am not sure).maybe a loaf of bread will cost 37459694839484.38 $let  see what will happen..It might exceed 1k+ $ or might be down to 0.00XX $; >.<;not sure about it.Im saving bookmarks in a special folder called  bump this 10 years from now  so I can have a good laugh while I enjoy my extremely strong purchasing power of BTC.Unfortunately, no one is going to manipulate bitcoin to new all time highs, so new holders will be minimal, and there will never be a 1200, or new ath again. ;The time for that to happen and be coordinated has past: microsoft, coinbase launch, whatever etf launched already. ;If those events couldn  save btc price, what event will? ;How do you expect anyone to give you an answer? A month before it hit $1k, no one here would have bet any substantial amount of bitcoins that Btc/usd rates would hit $1000 in 30 days time. As for the fake value $1,200. I would say any btc exchange can do it short term, by making phantom deposits and follow similar to mt.gox events.If not, they wont bother to adapt a new thing. Unless its like added as a dual option on a credit card or something. Its basically dependent on a user base scale, so the true value still stay at that rate only if a huge financial event occurs. That means everyone currently using their credit cards to decide its actually way better and they see a difference.The day my mom starts using it. ;Er  I'm guessing the day moms start using it the value will be well over $1200.maybe but its so hard price back to 1200 again
I'll never doubt any numbers other folks have, like us going to $2k in 2016 or what not.We may have to wait for the next block halving to see some trendRight now, it seems to be stabilizing around $250.; It is going to take a long time.cheersbut it seams so artificial lately that very well anything could happen (for 1200$ next year i doubt it)a shakedown in form of a long beartrap. If the pre-halving pump happens , and i believe it will, then i guess its possible for price to rise to ~600$,Yeah, i believe so too, but it isnt that long until halving anyways. I believe the downtrend should stop (has stopped), and this is just some sort ofBTC-Bank. Kind Regards,In my personal opinion Bitcoin have to give a lot more and we are still on the start of it. There are a lot of countries around the world which is unknown yet and as many more people, companies involved, advertise it and use it for what is build for will make it more popular and the demand it will be increased.It will break this amount for fan.I dont know if it will be this year but i beleive it will be soon.As said this is only my opinion be well everyone!(think about it)Once tomorrow comes.not anytime soon for surePossibly IF bitcoin makes an ETF onto the US stock exchange or china accept BTC. short of that I doubt it. Best we can hope for is a rise and stabilization around $500With all the capital flowing into startups recently and the foundation being laid for institutional money to enter, I think this is how the market will play out. Unless scalability/regulation is too much of an issue and something better replaces btc. But, I really dont think it`ll hit $1,200 anytime soon if anything I feel like its going the opposite direction. Only because I dont see any great financial events outside from a PR article from coindesk mentioning about twitch using it as a tipping service, which grows the userbase. For those who bought bitcoin back in 2012 at $200, yeah now its back giving us a 2nd chance in my view.I swear we all hit a reset button, for those who got into bitcoin less then $100; congrats. We'll only know that a killer app is out when it comes out, it  pretty much a binary thing. Either it  out, and bitcoin explodes, or it isn . It won  be a gradual thing. So just because you don  hear any news now, it doesn  mean anything. By the time you heard the news, it will be too late. The problem with this kind of thinking is, news doesn  go like  we are 5.6% towards completing a killer app for bitcoin  then  we are 8.34% finished with developing another killer use case for bitcoin"".If yes, then I would be rich, lolIt all depends on the market, that many who buy bitcoin market in large numbers, I think there is a possibility of bitcoin can achieve such a price back.For the moment no one can predict whether bitcoin will be able to return to the figure $ 1.200also don  get people that say this. 1200 is only about 5x the current price, so you'll get a 4x profit. Chances are, you don  have everything in bitcoin, or even the majority of your net worth in bitcoin. So at most bitcoin going to 1200 might increase your networth by 50 or 100%. If increasing by 50 or 100% will make you rich, you're probably already kind of rich. In this case I think everything can happen, even though it will not be as smooth as what has been thought, same as well as when bitcoin reached the price of $ 1.200Is bitcoin price now is the ideal price for bitcoin price?The moment world financial markets start to really crash, that is the moment of Bitcoin rise. Merchant and consumer adoption won  help much, only crysis. And it will happen soon.Making people believe in bitcoin of all the risks is important for people to buy bitcoin. And this is one of the main factors that will increase the value of buy bitcoinIs this the same as when at the end of 2013 at the time of bitcoin reached the highest price?
I think it may indeed be dead, should have sold when we had a chance
Maybe the winklevoss Gemeni exchange will have a positive effect on BTC  price?but let  not get excited too early. i hope they will open their doors within a few months.i hope so. i have been reading about it and it is indeed something that can give bitcoin a huge boost.Better sell your coins now if you're not convinced of this technology! I will never understand the sense of threads like this.Stop whining man! If you just went in to make a quick buck and running after your fiat cash I have to disappoint you!As long as it isn  a peak like last time, we will be just fine. We don  want it to drop hard for another time.If Bitcoin grows with 100% each year from now, which is a reasonable estimate, then we might actually stay above $1000.It might take a year or 3-5 to reach over $1200 level again. At least I don  expect it before 2018.I'm thinking something significant will happen to force the price upwards at some point this year and it'll be well on its way upward before most even know what is going on. People have forgotten how insane this market can be when it wants to change.My initial assessment was that the rapid fall to 160 was the bottom and we will go up slowly with a rally either this year end or next year. It looks now that there is a real chance it may go below 200 and even to low 100s. In that case not so sure about the future, 1200 might take years.
Yeah, before fixating on huge prices in the future, the first question should be along the lines of  when will Bitcoin stop falling?""Yes.; When Willybot 2.0 is online.Just think of all the things in down the pike that will bring in demand to buy coins and if there  enough or any of that then the future is bright. I presume the bulls are accumulating in the mean time and then planning a time for when the breakout makes sense so that it'll go on generically. I am one who has forgot the insanity that this market can bring i have actually found it quite boring recently. OP i think we will see it again but not any time soon and i believe if it comes it will be legit so will be exciting times.Hopefully this is the case but we have seen some good news recently that should have raised the price and it is still the stuck, which i might add is not a big deal to me because i have time to get some more end of the month. So there is no warranty about price rises with Gemini. Coinbase exchange had no effect on prices.we are at 230 for two months nowit  not falling anymore, we are at 230 rock solid, we didn  fall back to 180, it just that we retuned to a previous value, i dom  want to call this a fallSeeing that, it sure is possible BTC could follow the same fate.; It could take decades.; Take at the max chart of the Nikkei.
How often do we have a revolutionary design like bitcoin come around though? also as been said before its only going to take a few years for bitcoin to develop to its full potential. ;Either way im hodling.By all means, hold.The blockchain is revolutionary, yes.; But this is also the open market and btc is traded in that market.; ;Bitcoin is here for the first time there is nothing you or anyone else can do to sway that, especially someone who asked if that is a good idea to short at 240; They could not be further apart you can  compare the 2 except they can be brought and sold you may as well plucked up a random graph or is that what you done.I fail to say how you can compare that chart with Bitcoins can you explain how you feel that it could share the same fate so that might help me understand what you mean by this? I see nothing that could give you that idea http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikkei_225 Edit:; And yup, I asked if shorting from 240 is good.; Why...?; Cos it  possible it could go down under 200.And do not forget the primary catalyst for btc  surge at the end of 2013 was due to price manipulation via Willybot.That example with the Nikkei is given a lot in trend following lectures as it shows that anything is possible in an open market. ;So there  certainly that possibility that bitcoin could stay under 300usd for longer than we think.You're right. ;You know better. ;To keep on topic i think we will eventually see 1200 and above we just don  know when. Anyway good luck.That is my point if you was going to ask to short maybe you're asking at the wrong time and should have enough experience to know it would have been a good time a few weeks ago.That is sweet so now it is possible to go below 200 when it was not when it was 300? Never said we could not stay below 300, i remember why we had the last bubble pump not disputing that or was i, nope.Of course anything is possible but you don  just pull random graphs from where ever you pulled it from ;Never said i was right and i know better just that you was wrong there is a big difference. Above ATH is a FACT, we'll get there, if you don  have this mentality you don  fully get bitcoin and have no notions of what long term holding is.I'm not talking about over the last month, I'm talking about ever since peaking at $1200; since then it  been a pretty steady grind downwards, with several small junps upward that turned out to not be sustained. But, if say 3 months from now, Bitcoin hasn  fallen further, and in fact has made a move uo that it can hold onto, whether it  to $350 or $400, then we can start fixating on future price rises. But right now, it  if much greater importance for Bitcoin to lock into a stable price zone for an extended period (read:longer than a few weeks) than to speculate when it will actually grow to bigger values. I will not bet on it. Its at a balance point, but I feel the probability of an upside is less than a fall. Very difficult to say at this point but do not take this staying above 230 for now as a bullish sign. 2016, when we'll be nearing the block reward halving should start another bullrun I expect 2015 to give the price a slow recovery (though it might first continue dropping in the coming weeks)my crystal ball says 2yrs.
And again let me emphasize  ;Bitcoin  surge to 1200 was primarily caused by the Willybot manipulating the price.; That  why it went up so quick.That said, it is possible that it could take decades before bitcoin can see it  peak of 1200 again. ;Why...? ;You said it yourself   To keep on topic i think we will eventually see 1200 and above we just don  know when.""Exactly the point of showing you that Nikkei graph. ;It  been decades since it saw its peak, and it  even backed by the Japanese economy  a real economy with regulations and big investors.""We don  know when.""Way the current price rates are showing consistency in terms of keeping a low profile, I am not seeing any high value like that, unless wall street gets a hang of the bitcoin as some of the recent news are suggesting, then we might see some spike.Unlike last two times, the advance was mainly caused by technology advancement, the next wave will be driven by combined mining technology improvement and credit expansion when bitcoin can be mortgaged through ETF I have a feeling that when everyone is ready, the next wave will be much larger than the previous two wave. ;When daily coin supply becomes less and less, and the capital in the play is getting larger and larger, a fireworks party is approachingMuch faster than you can imagineNo necessarily. Although that had potential back then, even though we do not know exactly what happened. Indeed. We should start seeing price movements in late 2015, or early 2016, just before the halving. If the ETF pops up in the meantime, we should definitely see it. Who knows where the price will stop at though. We should just be patient as always.or it may not be so public at 1st, it would be in on sites like this https://sharespost.com/private-market-insights/sharespost-100-list/So companies like Coinbase for example, would effect traditional investors thus having more skin in the game for price movement.It wouldnt be facebook obviously, but I`m referring to companies such as SF location esp silicon valley raising funds then selling out at IPO is old news.I say if the ETF doesnt happen, I would see similar to how facebook went public on got more public funds.... Not that I would mind it happening again. ;. I hope it does.True. ;We do not know exactly. ;It  a good idea that we should because there was clearly ;price manipulation that went on at the end of 2013. ;It was somethng that would set alarm bells if the SEC were regulating cryptos. ;i'm starting to think that we need the block halving to have some breathwell what you say it could be true, but i'm confident that we are aiming high now or we are just stuck there at 230, i'm fairly sure that it won  fall back under 200 anymoreWe'll see. ;But it doesn  matter what you think will happen because there  a huge chance you can be wrong, no one can predict the market. ;The more important thing is knowing what to do when the price reaches a certain level. ;Who cares what you think. ;Just plan ahead.The price is being manipulated, so nothing should surprise us there. Bitcoin is volatile as ever. The times are hard for bitcoin, with media focusing on the bad, markets being manipulated, the upcoming fork and such. Hopefully everything ends up as supposed to.It  all speculation and theory. That  why we should stop acting smart, because we won  know what happened. We should focus on the future, rather than remember the dark times of Mt.Gox. better than who just say  hey guy i predict it fall to zero tomorrow, goodbye"", that  plain stupidit  not just  what i'm think  it  about following what it is happened and happening, 230 is holding strong since months already, based on that i have written that claimI would not be surprised to see it gain even higher than 1200 USD either as a result to a bubble or legitimately, either way seems plausible to mewell, I can agree on the part that the next up wave may take us beyond ATH. But it will take a longer while IMO. I see 2015 as a consolidation and base building. Only if we are close enough to the next halving and have enough positive developments (e.g., ETF), we may start another panic buying (mania) phase. But we are far from there for now.yes we will before 2016 end
True.; Just pointing out that a parabolic move late 2013 was manipulated rather than the market finding bitcoin  true value.; The crypto-scene has no regulatory body looking out for it.; Today! Check out charts, it is almost there!I guess the next time we might see less manipulation, if a rise comes. At least we will be producing less Bitcoin after 2016.Indeed. Although there is no real evidence one could easily say that it was. The spike was just too high. These days nothing surprises me.I think bitcoin may one day see over 1200 USD again. Who knows when though.. Maybe in mid 2016?Why you so sure then not after the 2016 end?
ho knows. For now it seems that this bear market is nowhere near its end. More than likely it will go below 200$ once again this year and stay there for a decent period of time
Could be, but I actually have a feeling that we may not go as high as everyone is suspecting. I hear people speculating about going north of $5'000  I think that  impossible to achieve with the next wave. But it may be battered-bull syndrome on my side 
illybot 2.0 will take btc to 5000 and beyond
Some time next year.Predictions have a very high chance of being wrong. I'm hoping though that there will be a positive trend soon. It  either up to the ETF or block halving. We can  really know. There was a lot of speculation in this subforum and even in the one for newbies. A lot of people had anticipated much higher prices in the past and even now.both of the events you mentioned are to happen next year. A lot of people here, myself included, is speculating it may push the price up significantly. The bigger will be the deception if that doesn  happen.Indeed. You're definitely right about it. If everyone expects a lot, and nothing big happens that could cause a turmoil. The price could actually either go down or go up but only a little. Are you sure about the ETF? We've been waiting for it for quite some time now. I mean it is bound to happen. What are the chances of that happening this year?If you look at the multi-year price trend (i.e. edit it out the spikes and look for a baseline), it  already perhaps a little higher than where it should be (not that markets are known for being rational), but if we get get out of the mode of thinking of winning the lottery every 6 months, and see it as a standard investment, then it  providing very solid returns based on it  evolution, which are way above inflation.; For all it  volatility, there aren  that many investments available to average Joe that we can say that about.I think the halving might have more effect than the other events we're watching, maybe starting a couple of months before, as people get a feel for what the price could be climbing 'from', rather than guessing too far into the future.A chunk of that may already be priced in, and we get a disappointing fizzle when they actually occur.
But those who don  believe in BTC, it  just bullshit nonsense fantasythose who believe in BTC, they think it  precious and will rise again.it  also like christianity in that if you're into it, there  a decent chance that you're fuckin' obsessed with it and think it will determine your future. and ppl will want to stay well away from you, since you're obsessed about something they've practically never heard of. and you'll just think they're beartards.Just keep use your own currency, I had a reason to use BTC so that why I use it.If you hate BTC so much, why just keep quiet? Let us choose your own way, I didn  even bother with your way.I'm a Christian, but I always let that slide because your argument isn  worth my time. Especially you compared the Bible with Bitcoin, like comparing apple to orange. Made no sense imhoThe cold hard truth is, that financially, bitcoin is a gimmick. For it to be used as store of value, it  too unstable, and for transfer of value, it  too inconvenient. So, practicality won  give it value and the only thing left to give it value is belief that it has value. And if something is this much dependent on belief, then there  no surprise that recognizable religious patterns will emerge.To the bitcoin fanatics, there is no room for doubt on Satoshis words. If you have doubt, then the fanatics will tell you that you have to read the white paper again, and again, and again, until you finally realize the same truth as they see. Quite similar to religious fanatics.I think that the mentality of the bitcoin community is very similar with the mentality of religious groups and Satoshi  white paper is like the bible, both full of dogmas.Well I try not to connect it to religion. Whatever I believe in about the future of bitcoin, I have my reasons for it and same goes for those non-believers. Each of us have our own rights to our own option and I won  criticize others just because their opinions are not aligned with mine. However, one thing I would like to point out is that I'm not in total obsession. Bitcoin do have its own weaknesses.bitcoin believers are like christians, in that the vast majority never read the white paper (or the bible). And the majority of those who did probably don  fully understand it. also when you explain it to average joe, they think you are brain washed somethingwholething is about faith that network will survive and spread all over the worldIt  quite similar in that you have to be faithful BUT when I am shorting, I feel like this BTC wholething is virtual bullshit.It  just when I am long, I am hyped as fuck, I dont hate BTC, I trade BTC daily,Maybe you mean like the followers are cult like, that I can understand, but you don  say that Bitcoin is focussing on disrupting the status quo, but the bible wishes to protect and rely on the status quo, your comparison makes absoltely no sense....I am pretty sure Jesus and Christian thing was pretty disruptive to Roman empire at that time~^That. In the bible book everyone pays with bitcoin.Fixed that for you. Cryptography and mathematics are not about belief, but about observation. But those who don  believe in don  understand the unavoidable consequences of this innovation, think it  just bullshit nonsense fantasy at the time"", we're in 2015 now, and you can  deny that it is protecting and relying on the status quo The fact I can send a million dollars through skype by exchanging QR codes with a smartphone bypassing endless fees and limitations is indeed a FACT.A man dying and then resurrecting flying up the sky as the prophet of God is nonsense fantasy.And those who hoard BTCeanie BTCabies Bitcoin are the real rebels?A two-thousand-year-old book about a poor d00d who scorned wealth & called all earthly authority bullshit is  protecting and relying on the status quo""?Nope, BTC ain  a bible book, it would rather make sense if you compared it with the NY Stock Exchange.FTFYbuy, hold and take them to the grave with you in a brain wallet!i definitely read it ONLY like the bibleThe End.Bitcoin gets nailed to a cross.The Satoshi Holy Bible:
Bitcoin resurrects from the dead and takes over the world, may peace be upon Satoshi.Not the end, you missed the last page:
You really don  understnad Cristianity NOWADAYS, church is corporations...., not an opinion but fact. You refer to the views of JEZUS himself, which sadly has nothing to do with the church nowadays, the real words of the bible are non-existent, it has been rewrittin so many times, please research Christians believe in the bible, like early adopters believe in bitcoin, it can make sense i suppose; i can see comparing it in the way of jesus coming with the bibble(satoshi coming with bitcoin), but the problem is that satoshi could be more than one personBut here  another way to look at things --- we didn  come to this world, we came out of this world similarly to a tree coming out of a seed. We are the Big Bang (assuming that there was such an event). According to that, we must govern ourselves instead of letting someone to govern us. Bitcoin --- being decentralized --- ideally fits into this way of thinking. This is it, bros, block chain is the new paradigm not only in computer science but in religion too! It  a proof of concept that we can live without rulers.Christianity and Islam have done a  great  job making everyone believe that we have been created by something or someone. If we have been created then there must be a supreme creator, right? We came to this world by the hands of the supreme creator and we must be humble and thankful for it. That way of thinking automatically gives way to monarchism and the foul pyramid of masters and slaves.TL;DR: ;Faith is a kind of understanding that has nothing to do with facts or logic, it  the very opposite of what could be proven with facts and logic--by definition.For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe.""--KJV Where is the wise? where is the scribe? where is the disputer of this world? hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world?The Bible is to be read and understood, not  researched."" ;The Truth of the Bible is is gleemed through prayer, not research. ;That  a separate thing, domain of the theologians, called scientism. ;An omnipotent deity, unbound by mundane logic (which, by definition, is His creation), can make Himself known to the lowliest.""For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book""--KJVThe Bible has been translated (not  rewritten"") many times. ;It  a canonical collection of texts, some [purportedly] divinely inspired, with stern warnings against corruption:  The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.""--BrainyQuotes.comNo, I'm talking about the Bible, which is what OP is comparing BTC to. ;Blaming the Bible for what has been done with it is as absurd as blaming Communism for Stalin  shenanigans, or the blockchain for clueless Bitcoiners getting surprise buttsecsed by their betters.
If you say the bible has been translated and not rewrittin, please research it, alot of original meanings have been perverted by the church, Maria never was inpregnated by god, it was rewrittin by the church in order to ban out sex as something sinfull, in the old days, sex was the only way to reach diviness, that wahat was writtin, but in 300 the church tought different and started rewritting  please RESEARCH it  good starting point, the dead seascrolls Research has nothing to do with this.; The Bible can be understood through research no more than quantum physics through prayer Well if I was one of the very early adopters and become a millonaire overnight I may have gone insane enough to think that Satoshi is Jesus H Christ thyself blessing me with being one of the chosen ones, sadly I never will know that feel, but will surely thank Satoshi in the future when BTC goes 10K.
Do you think this is enough to turn the tides around?Earlier this year, business after business and merchants after merchants are learning to accept bitcoin.With last year  bitcoin roller coaster ride, do you think bitcoin has what it takes to bounce back?http://bitforum.info/t/will-bitcoin-bounceback-this-year/659Will Bitcoin Bounceback This Year?Let just hope Atleast that mean more traders will accept bitcoin soon so I be able to buy more stuff then!Looking back at  cloud mining  and ponzis trends, that still would be the sidedown of bitcoin.Mmm  Maybe just bumb a little? Back around $300~$500?I think business accepting it is a good way for it to hit the mainstream because it informs more people about it. But for it to really hit the big time business need to be holding bitcoin and setting prices in bitcoin that don  fluctuate based on the exchange rate this will drive a more stable price. I know it might not seem like good business to do this but it is what is needed for it to be a stable and accepted currency. Is 2015 the year? I don  know that is for the community to decide if it is time.MeOn the other hand, I could be wrong. Often am. I don  know anything about stock markets / investments / highs and lows / futures / whatever, but I have a feeling that by the time bitcoin stabilizes, it'll be significantly lower than most predictions. Maybe $100-200? It  hard for me to see 1BTC @ $50,000 USD (as I've read in the past from hopeful enthusiasts). Actual BTC price will be stable. This is the last year for us peasants to get as much BTC as possible while its affordable to buy entire units of BTC.This year is a year of venture capital money flowing in like crazy, just look at the facts. There are graphs that show this. 2015 is the year with the biggest pump in VC money so far.I think the same was sort of true in 2014 but did not lead to the rise in the price of bitcoin then. I would hope for a stable price than a pump. Just because merchants are starting to accept bitcoin doesn  mean the price will go up or the bitcoin adoption will increase. I think it will rise in price quite a bit by the end of this year, but it will never reach the $1000 it once was.As you said, at a certain point we'll find a stable price, and then all of that news from 2014/early 2015, and VC money along with Wall Street stepping in will be quite ready for the next phase of the market. ;Once there  little profit to be made from dumping and shorting, there  only one direction to go.Also keep in mind 2014  price action was largely a downtrend as part of a correction from the crazy bubble that pushed BTC from $100 -> $1100. ;The price was influenced very heavily by speculation, and it still is.In 2015, we've already seen close to $200 million, and that was before the end of the first quarter. ;The rate of money coming in this year is quite a bit faster.; There was a lot of positive news, but most of it was news suggesting things to come (and we still haven  seen them yet, but they're on the horizon) it wasn  enough to stem the tide of a necessary correction.2014, at $314 million, more than tripled what 2013 did. ;http://www.coindesk.com/venture-capital-funding-bitcoin-startups-triples-2014/The same was not quite true over the whole of 2014. ;2014 saw lots of good news, but in terms of VC capital, 2015 looks to be off to a far stronger start.*You scammed all your loyal believers, you deserved that painful death you received, now rot in hell you bastard.*BTC RxIxP 2015 - i think it will go to $400 at most. i'm already happy if we maintain $300 this year.$1000 definitely won  happen this year. i don  even think next year. it will need to be a stable rise.At some point when the new ETF and exchanges start opening up for business and as wealthy onlookers and hedge funds start coming on board, the amount of new money that comes in won  just come in in a small and steady fashion. There'll be massive green candles coming and the price jumps will be huge. And, that  just the diagnosis w/o the remittances, e-commerce, precious metals holders coming in. It  most likely gonna blow the doors off this thing and be an incomprehensible rise that will make history going forward. People are so down in the dumps right now that they either forget what happens during bull markets or are new and can  conceive of such a situation happening.I dont see the ETF being passed anytime soon, as for their other new exchanges to open, thats something actually more tangible since they blew like a couple million into it already.Wait how do you know if an ETF is actually going to happen? Did the twins actually pull through with SEC? this conversation started back in 2012 when buttferfly labs was still a leading market for most asic miners. 2015 target: 17 777$ per bitcoinUntil then, strap in or get off the bus because it  going to be a bumpy ride both ways.That said, we are more stable than 2013 because the the market has better price discovery mechanisms: futures, leveraged long/shorts, skilled traders to take on whales, and more liquidity. Bitcoin will only be  stable  relative to current capital markets in 5-10 years, when its market cap is much higher and has millions more in liquidity on either side of the orderbooks. At that point, we may be trading in bits. You are right, Chef. This market being so thinly traded that any sort of big move cuts like a hot knife through butter. There simply isn  enough liquidity on either side to stop it and big moves snowball as traders all pile on.seems nice  and everyone becomes a millionaire You would only need 56.25246105 bitcoins to be a millionaire.with BTC at 17777, it  market cap would be ~259.5 bil (with ~14.6-14.7 coins by the end of the year) and implied market cap (based on 21 mil coin)-$373 bil-a size of Google or 1/2 of Apple. maybe in the alternative universe but it is OK to contemplate such things(dumb) VC money in the bitcoin space (which is not a lot of money by the way) will suddenly realise that it has invested in a mini dotcom bubble that is collapsing. Everybody will look at bitcoin as the little volatile, irreversible, non scalable joke that nobody uses or needs aside from drug dealers, speculators, gamblers, and libertards.^^^ Yes, and that price will be at low double/single digits, which will take a few years. By that time, everybody will be starting to adopt semi-centralised technologies that work in a similar way as the blockchain to move fiat currencies (like the IBM adept project or others), taking what  useful about this whole crypto movement (a distributed ledger to move any asset/currency around, and smart contracts ) and discarding the unusable bullshit (bitcoin).""As you said, at a certain point we'll find a stable price Sorry but it goes more like this:I think bitcoin will end 2015 in green  I personally think (and hope) that btc will see 500 USD again this year.They laugh at the current market cap of Bitcoin. Once they start investing heavily in Bitcoin we might all feel like we are early adopters, even if you bought today.It becomes stronger and stronger. As Chef Ramsay stated, we have to wait for wealthy investors who bring in fresh money.In the very early stage of Bitcoin, yes, it  still early, every year is THE year for Bitcoin.Warren Buffet is a decrepid old man. The best investment of all times would have been to register domain names back in the early 90 . Warren Buffet has no idea about technological breakthoroughts because he doesn  know how to use a computer. He  hanging around with Floyd May or not Mayweather those days, enough says.yes, and I'm choosing that alternative universe.he  an old fart who should just shut up and start wrapping up his shit on this planet before he leaves it+1
I think there is an outside possibility that this could come true, but I think there are too many people that have just recently heard about bitcoin and are just waiting with their fingers on the trigger to jump in.cheerseven worse situation than before.and those traders/holder that are interested in sharp rise and volatility are no friends to bitcoin, because they will drop their bags and sell their souls if that brings them profit, and in the end were left withIts even better in the longrun to keep current prices, but to gain more liquidity, so that in cases of big cashing out, that doesnt reflect on price the way its reflecting now. That is the healthiest way for bitcoin to go,I personally doubt that bitcoin will go to a sharp rise, or a bubble within 2015, but rather in the early months of 2016, before the halving, and it will again be mostly driven by speculation.The fact that there are increasing numbers of merchants alone cant rise the price too high alone, but the fact that there is interest in the technology is definetly promising.Get educated as a whale watcher and change your thinking, then you'll know the real secrets to make bank.Anyone who thinks otherwise should get out now!2015 is going to be HUGE for bitcoin and crypto, you wait and see.It takes worldwide financial crysis to be back. Which will happen soon, combined with 2016 BTC halving, I think we will see 10k $ in no time.Don  you think Bitcoin is bigger, more important advancement than Google and Apple (all together). Me I just think like that. Bitcoin is unstoppable.If you ask me, I would say, I don  think so. Whatever the outcome, eventually everything still goes back to the basic supply and demand factor. As long as demand has not catch up, and supply is going to be the same as it is, the price will drown. My only hope is when the halving took place which is suppose to happen some time next year. ;2015 - The year of DASHAnd no.You mean XMR if we can replicate end 2013 and then with 2016 early 2014, it would be good, but the trend seems uncertain, too many whales playing, and the price is stuck thereWe can  do nothing but wait and watch as we are not major players in the market, we can only hope for the best, and I have big trust on bitcoin being a success.
2013 was the year of Bitcoin.Bitcoin is doing fine and if you make the right decisions every year is a good one. As long as Bitcoin exists there  money to be made.Especially if you bought into both pumps (in April and December), traded on Silk Road and used MtGox as your main exchange.; You were here in 2011 bearish on bitcoin when it was 2 dollars. I would imagine you don  want to think about 2011 being the year of bitcoin. You have so much bitterness towards bitcoin (because you had the chance for wild riches and blew it by being cynical) that you will never be taken seriously on this forum Nagle.That is the real reason you are here though right? Or do you post endless negative tripe on other enthusiast fora for other things you think will fail?10,000 other random guys like me buying bitcoins each month are currently enough to buy up the entire mining supply. Next year after the halving that drops to just 5000. The exchange price could be sent back to 1000 for probably as little as twenty million dollars of exchange buying. What is that in the context of 500 million dollars of VC money flooding into the scene in the last year and a half. And you think these guys don  want a return on their money and are 'dumb'? Give us a break. Yet here you are. Every. Single. Day.
Only when those of us confident enough about higher prices hold them can the higher price be sustained.As for if I think it will, not really.; We'll see some rallies and some dips, but nothing like the China bubble we had.; Personally, I'd rather have a stable price than have it 'bounce back'.; However, with technologies like Tether coming along, you can still use BTC without actually having to deal with the price swings.; Bitcoin should be seen as more of a tool than a long-term investment IMO.based on this one can suppose that basically every two years bitcoin go BOOM, so next one should be this yeari don  really agree, 2013 wasn  the first time where bitcoin went high, i recall 2011 was the same x20 increase in priceSo there is always a first time.; Until then, people thought Bitcoin always moved up during a calendar year.If I remember right, 2014 was the first year Bitcoin actually went down.depend the news or gossip or something out there about bitcoin, i think its can make increase bitcoin price go up; well, its hard to predict now. but i think bitcoin will go up this year;  5) China, they love BTC but just need a reason to throw fund into it more acceptingly - government will give up trying to block some day and approve of it.; China itself is in a huge credit bubble that is going to bust eventually as well so people will want to get out of the yuan and into something, BTC will see some growth 5) USA $$$ is due to implode one day.; I mean we are at what $19 trillion in debt, the first rate increase is due finally, the markets should dive somewhat, inflated tech stock values has Silicon Valley in a bubble somewhat again, etc.; Come on 4) Europe is due to implode any day still now - can  prop it up forever.3) Adoption continues at a stead pace as a  currency.""; This will continue to get interesting as price rises from above.; - We have all these ex-financial exec leads jumping into BTC now, sure the ones that exploded CDOs, etc.; Seems shady a bit but go ahead and ride along.; - COIN true ETF should launch in near future as well.; been very quiet which is a good sign and you would think it'll target around same time or after Gemini.; - Gemini, first  true regulated USA based exchange  was supposed to launch in Q1.; you would assume any day now even if late.2) the tons of wall street news just doesn  seem to stop each week now.; it is always the announcement of plans though so when we finally start seeing some launches and action the price should head up - as market cap grows.; if market cap shoots up, price has to as well 1) next week it seems we may see a nice pop when the GBTC quasi-ETF starts seeing some trades finally - the initial puts will demand a BTC price jump back up toward $300 to make sense Seems like 2015 is starting to look up for a strong rebound or even permanent trend upwards.Quite hard to see it above $2000 by end of this yearHope I'm wrong.I hope so but I don  see it.; Despite lots of good news the price action has all been sideways or down.; Any rallies are met with a fair amount of selling from miners who apparently can just barely cover their costs.; The price of any commodity approaches its extraction cost, and it would seem like we are in a slow period for the price right now.I'm not saying we will see 6 digits, but I wouldn  be surprised if we did.Why not? Nasdaq and nyse are on the sidelines, waiting to throw money at Bitcoin. Next rise could very likely be orders of magnitude bigger than the previous rise. 
oh wait  we haven  seen 5 yet.. then 5 will be next.exactly. we've already seen 1,2,3,4 and 5 digits. the next big thing can only be 6 digits. simple logic. easy money.I'm leaning towards this gentleman  prediction. Once the market can be trusted by institutional money, lots of it will come into this space.It is now a question of when the institutional money will flow in. 2014 has been a great year for money flowing into Bitcoin companies. At some point, this will be reflected in the price as well.
the same question in 2014;  Is 2014 The Year?""explosion of price? mass adoption? wall street?every year people say it  the year. and btw, what is considered the year of bitcoin?For Bitcoin to rally, it needs some good news on the development front; or even better, some bad news from the global economic front.
we all thought that 2014 was the golden era, but it turned out as the black book for the market in the end. So no predictions on that one. But hoping that price holds a steady price to attract new market.No, 2015 is clearly not the year. It will be the base building and trend reversal year. Important one, but not the one. The real fun will come the next year with ETF, halving and other fireworks.2016 will be the year of bitcoin, when next reward halving happens